
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.200600                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1200599556000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53391236573001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172220                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285325300                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1807724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4207.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541580928                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724670068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85637760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          85637760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50398016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       50398016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1338090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1338090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       787469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            787469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     71329162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             71329162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41977374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            41977374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113306535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           113306535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1338090                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    787469                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1338090                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  787469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              85603072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  34688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               50397376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               85637760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            50398016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   542                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            86397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            83303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            84921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            86555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            84851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            82940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            83546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            84647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            82519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            82411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           83248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           82139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           81831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           82101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           82360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           83779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            51400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            48816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            50349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            51253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            50561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            49316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            49211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            48522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            48430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           48422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           48198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           48090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           48411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           49370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1200599568000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1338090                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              787469                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1334279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 48732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 49140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 49143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 49147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 49151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 49162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 49149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 49156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 49147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 49145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 49152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 49131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 49117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 49119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 49113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 49111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       972545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.839748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.867828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.599913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       697351     71.70%     71.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       152781     15.71%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35425      3.64%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20984      2.16%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17284      1.78%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13062      1.34%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10460      1.08%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11605      1.19%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13593      1.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       972545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.235426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.724562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.741771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            52      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        36150     73.61%     73.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10098     20.56%     94.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1424      2.90%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          519      1.06%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          237      0.48%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          238      0.48%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          221      0.45%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           83      0.17%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           57      0.12%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           12      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.034269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.032340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.258409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           48252     98.25%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              38      0.08%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             818      1.67%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 28582184922                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            53661209922                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6687740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21369.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40119.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       71.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       41.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    71.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    41.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  734090                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 418372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    564839.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3767132880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2055479250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5334396600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2595078000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         78854262240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        236960081370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        516513960000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          846080390340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           700.809883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 853637257750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40090700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 306871538750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3613143240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1971457125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5197179000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2510183520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         78854262240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        233575046595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        519483288750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          845204560470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           700.084431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 858125188501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40090700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 302384930249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     85562304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          85562304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50437056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       50437056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1336911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1336911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       788079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            788079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71266313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             71266313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42009891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            42009891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    113276204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           113276204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1336911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    788079                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1336911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  788079                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              85545408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  16896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               50437312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               85562304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            50437056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            86493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            83551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            83840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            85715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            84298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            83021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            83797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            84670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            82812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            82368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           83393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           81997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           82031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           82110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           82644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           83907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            51489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            48955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            49596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            51551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            50200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            49416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            49613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            49343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            48505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            48467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           48546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           47915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           48168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           48692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           49466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1200599331500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1336911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              788079                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1334034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 48806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 49180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 49185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 49191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 49188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 49197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 49183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 49199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 49194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 49198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 49180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 49174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 49165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 49158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 49161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 49157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1001749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.745429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.967799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.721208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       733752     73.25%     73.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       146698     14.64%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35755      3.57%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21320      2.13%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17024      1.70%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13116      1.31%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10329      1.03%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10258      1.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13497      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1001749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.192896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.749162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.452738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            66      0.13%      0.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        35890     73.01%     73.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10562     21.49%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1342      2.73%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          473      0.96%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          212      0.43%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          252      0.51%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          203      0.41%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           73      0.15%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           42      0.09%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           20      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::400-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.032285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.030465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.251038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           48346     98.35%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              37      0.08%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             769      1.56%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28632114936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            53694246186                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6683235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21420.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40170.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       71.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       42.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    71.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    42.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  722614                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 400367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    564990.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3866985360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2109962250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5320380000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2594384640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         78854262240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        236811717495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        516644103750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          846201795735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           700.910443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 853754208752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40090700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 306754908748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3733967160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2037382875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5204316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2514738960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         78854262240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        233385362280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        519649678500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          845379708015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           700.229506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 858282905002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40090700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 302226054498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2399802904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1085658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2350781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2299836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      70690                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       152914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2299836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4688853                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1900587                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1262120                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             694273                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       558618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     344586                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    214032                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2393293075.425514                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6509828.574486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002713                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997287                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           245256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                38373      1.63%      1.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1736946     73.89%     75.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4042      0.17%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12795      0.54%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  344586     14.66%     90.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 214032      9.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2350804                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2403122451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533879533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709227403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508849490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     434395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31469963                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508849490                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070211024                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339879865                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220305151                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241371795                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152852728                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94770838                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58081890                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9672819.638974                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2393449631.361026                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.995975                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.004025                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33883947                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               955214      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444107443     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25464      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145125      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94770838     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58081890      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709235704                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2399463997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     895817                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1929674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1883539                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      52256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       138988                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1883539                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3824165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1563569                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1096229                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             569891                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       454709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     284698                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    170011                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2393886771.037566                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5577225.962435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002324                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997676                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           208382                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                35862      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1422601     73.72%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3674      0.19%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    12831      0.66%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  284698     14.75%     91.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 170011      8.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1929677                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2399976183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2902254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5762475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5662101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     147374                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       489050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5662101                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11272858                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4601148                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3637890                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1974763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1300841                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     843576                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    457265                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2386100233.614223                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13875949.385777                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           663109                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                37785      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4405645     76.45%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4611      0.08%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    12308      0.21%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  843576     14.64%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 457265      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5762566                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1464                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1464                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                12498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              705999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              819258                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              709500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              715998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2087000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              480500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              462000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              472500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               51110460                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.961887                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.601792                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    44971352     87.99%     87.99% |        6496      0.01%     88.00% |     6130897     12.00%    100.00% |         443      0.00%    100.00% |        1242      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 51110460                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936610871                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936610626    100.00%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936610871                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936610871                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.580630                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.035575                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.317998                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936530528     99.99%     99.99% |       76295      0.01%    100.00% |        3550      0.00%    100.00% |         454      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936610871                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    927404050                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   927404050    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    927404050                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9206821                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.067554                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.028233                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.881419                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     9126478     99.13%     99.13% |       76295      0.83%     99.96% |        3550      0.04%     99.99% |         454      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9206821                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       540558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17323                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       557881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1410013                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        26768                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1436781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    156798111                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9016818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    165814929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    762033121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        30830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    762063951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       438869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15690                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       454559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1169135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        19457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1188592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1247400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        55485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1302885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3766843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        24450                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3791293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6522519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2684302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9206821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.006281                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0        44091                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27137                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29751                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14911                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1429                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4093                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          434                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       352728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3498048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       238008                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       119288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       102888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       294696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.730608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      9047648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19910                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9049075                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9018615                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8999393                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6087057                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2909371                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72381184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    651533400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72148920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71995144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    438268104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23274968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.005204                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        35147                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25135                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39903                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23170                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3819                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          967                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       281176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       201080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2873016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       185360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        98816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        76896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       274968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.013357                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        79935                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81456                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64550                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51825                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        31777                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3637                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9492                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       639480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5864832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       516400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2287944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       261864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        75936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     2.218305                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     11881822                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        59496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13450965                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12867742                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9078481                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6121331                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     95054576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       475968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    968469480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102941936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72627848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440735832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       841536                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23362112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.232677                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0      1338090                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2125559                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1880067                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0     10704720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    153040248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15040536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.232582                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0      1336911                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2124990                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1877185                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0     10695288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    152999280                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15017480                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.493268                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     11881822                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        97469                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13460266                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12880540                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9078481                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6121331                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     95054576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       779752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    969139152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103044320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72627848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440735832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       841536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23362112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35645466                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       254434                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40380798                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     65877063                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     18399057                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8760792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        285163728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2035472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2907417456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    527016504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1324732104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     70086336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27137                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41499                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10452                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2987928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        83616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004002                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        44091                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7085                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19299                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14911                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1429                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4093                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          434                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       352728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       510120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154392                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       119288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       102888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       294696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.883264                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19910                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9046878                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    651375216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72000184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     1.577952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9047648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2197                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8999393                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6087057                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2909371                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72381184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       158184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71995144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    438268104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23274968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007086                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25135                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34487                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4788                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       201080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2483064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003323                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        35147                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18382                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3819                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          967                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       281176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        98816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        76896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       274968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016207                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44343                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5669568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       354744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010507                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        79935                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2712                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20207                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51825                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        31777                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3637                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9492                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       639480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       195264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       161656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       414600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2287944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       261864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        75936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     2.150609                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9206821                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2683110                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2730082                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9078481                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6121331                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     73654568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193183920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21840656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72627848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440735832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       841536                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23362112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     2.286001                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2675001                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        59496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10767855                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10137660                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21400008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       475968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    775285560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     81101280                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.186815                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1338090                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       787469                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546299                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10704720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56697768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4370392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.278540                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1338090                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1333768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     96342480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10670144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.186869                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1336911                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       788079                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       544553                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10695288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56741688                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4356424                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.278295                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1336911                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1332632                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     96257592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10661056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27137                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41499                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10452                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2987928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        83616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     1.883264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19910                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9046878                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    651375216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72000184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007086                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25135                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34487                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4788                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       201080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2483064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.016207                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25287                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44343                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5669568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       354744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     2.150609                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      9206821                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2683110                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2730082                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9078481                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6121331                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     73654568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193183920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21840656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72627848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440735832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       841536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23362112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.186815                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      1338090                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       787469                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546299                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     10704720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56697768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4370392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.186869                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      1336911                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       788079                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       544553                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     10695288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56741688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4356424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      27326897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.793666                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.337994                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21202403     77.59%     77.59% |        2072      0.01%     77.60% |     6120741     22.40%     99.99% |         431      0.00%    100.00% |        1220      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        27326897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      23686094                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.006212                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.191850                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    23650609     99.85%     99.85% |       20871      0.09%     99.94% |        1541      0.01%     99.94% |        2883      0.01%     99.96% |       10068      0.04%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        23686094                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         97469                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000226                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.021246                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       97458     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           97469                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108865283                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.903604                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.206281                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     21.735271                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108825161     99.96%     99.96% |       38291      0.04%    100.00% |        1450      0.00%    100.00% |         341      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108865283                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103092694                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103092694    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    103092694                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5772589                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.759077                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.358553                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.909255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5732467     99.30%     99.30% |       38291      0.66%     99.97% |        1450      0.03%     99.99% |         341      0.01%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5772589                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58779704                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.772352                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.224141                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.948695                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58722500     99.90%     99.90% |       17538      0.03%     99.93% |       31158      0.05%     99.99% |        6315      0.01%    100.00% |        1582      0.00%    100.00% |         499      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58779704                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55477343                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55477343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55477343                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3302361                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    68.145214                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.587960                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    98.226144                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3245157     98.27%     98.27% |       17538      0.53%     98.80% |       31158      0.94%     99.74% |        6315      0.19%     99.93% |        1582      0.05%     99.98% |         499      0.02%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3302361                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768480617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.006223                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.006168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768479313    100.00%    100.00% |         839      0.00%    100.00% |         406      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768480617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768379112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768379112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768379112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       101505                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.112517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.389427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.792282                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      100201     98.72%     98.72% |         839      0.83%     99.54% |         406      0.40%     99.94% |          35      0.03%     99.98% |          16      0.02%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       101505                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       217499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.746270                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.308587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.059427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      215455     99.06%     99.06% |        1828      0.84%     99.90% |          73      0.03%     99.93% |          69      0.03%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       217499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       200397                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      200397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       200397                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17102                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.644135                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.581991                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.346674                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15058     88.05%     88.05% |        1828     10.69%     98.74% |          73      0.43%     99.16% |          69      0.40%     99.57% |          46      0.27%     99.84% |          23      0.13%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17102                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133884                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.898442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.368731                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.288333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133163     99.46%     99.46% |         690      0.52%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133884                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       120620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      120620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       120620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13264                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.256258                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.766592                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.852522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12543     94.56%     94.56% |         690      5.20%     99.77% |           4      0.03%     99.80% |          11      0.08%     99.88% |          10      0.08%     99.95% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13264                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133884                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133884                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133884                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1338090     50.02%     50.02% |     1336911     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2675001                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      787469     49.98%     49.98% |      788079     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1575548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1338090     50.02%     50.02% |     1336911     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2675001                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      787469     49.98%     49.98% |      788079     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1575548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      546299     50.08%     50.08% |      544553     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1090852                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1338090     50.02%     50.02% |     1336911     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2675001                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      787469     49.98%     49.98% |      788079     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1575548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      546299     50.08%     50.08% |      544553     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1090852                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1338090     50.02%     50.02% |     1336911     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2675001                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      787469     49.98%     49.98% |      788079     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1575548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      316716      0.29%      0.29% |   107512616     98.76%     99.05% |      264511      0.24%     99.29% |      771440      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    108865283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1436781      0.19%      0.19% |   762063951     99.17%     99.35% |     1188592      0.15%     99.51% |     3791293      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768480617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      241165      0.41%      0.41% |    58302313     98.38%     98.78% |      190048      0.32%     99.10% |      531445      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59264971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       23392     26.53%     26.53% |       18731     21.24%     47.78% |       22201     25.18%     72.96% |       23844     27.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        88168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       23187      0.25%      0.25% |     9036113     98.87%     99.13% |       16958      0.19%     99.31% |       62895      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9139153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         405     33.98%     33.98% |         161     13.51%     47.48% |         452     37.92%     85.40% |         174     14.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3340     41.19%     41.19% |        1018     12.55%     53.74% |        2482     30.61%     84.35% |        1269     15.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         8109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          17      1.61%      1.61% |         486     46.02%     47.63% |         500     47.35%     94.98% |          53      5.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5214      0.09%      0.09% |     5691607     99.20%     99.29% |        6178      0.11%     99.40% |       34646      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5737645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2709     33.41%     33.41% |         433      5.34%     38.75% |        1591     19.62%     58.37% |        3376     41.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         8109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       33559      0.97%      0.97% |     3354352     97.09%     98.06% |       26218      0.76%     98.82% |       40669      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3454798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5980     50.93%     50.93% |        2339     19.92%     70.85% |        1593     13.57%     84.41% |        1830     15.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        11742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2609     41.62%     41.62% |        1256     20.04%     61.65% |        1160     18.50%     80.16% |        1244     19.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        1863      0.02%      0.02% |     8996428     99.50%     99.52% |        2035      0.02%     99.54% |       41269      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9041595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        6330      0.11%      0.11% |     5708519     99.16%     99.27% |        5513      0.10%     99.36% |       36664      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5757026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       16073     25.29%     25.29% |       21062     33.14%     58.43% |       10356     16.30%     74.73% |       16062     25.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        63553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        1311      0.04%      0.04% |     3306532     99.62%     99.66% |        1216      0.04%     99.69% |       10169      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      3319228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2194     15.93%     15.93% |        6058     43.98%     59.90% |        1560     11.32%     71.23% |        3964     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        13776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        4005     25.73%     25.73% |         946      6.08%     31.81% |        5594     35.94%     67.76% |        5018     32.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        15563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       10695     28.18%     28.18% |        9768     25.74%     53.92% |        9101     23.98%     77.90% |        8388     22.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        37952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3085     37.23%     37.23% |          51      0.62%     37.85% |        2707     32.67%     70.52% |        2443     29.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         8286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3697     28.01%     28.01% |        2285     17.31%     45.32% |        3188     24.15%     69.47% |        4029     30.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        13199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       58238     16.78%     16.78% |      162264     46.74%     63.52% |       54092     15.58%     79.10% |       72541     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       347135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1410013      0.18%      0.18% |   762033121     99.17%     99.36% |     1169135      0.15%     99.51% |     3766843      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    768379112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2592     49.72%     49.72% |         770     14.77%     64.49% |         660     12.66%     77.15% |        1191     22.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       14823     26.97%     26.97% |       11673     21.24%     48.22% |       14673     26.70%     74.92% |       13782     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        54951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       17627     20.90%     20.90% |       37400     44.33%     65.23% |       11735     13.91%     79.14% |       17597     20.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        84359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       30881      0.07%      0.07% |    46110191     99.53%     99.60% |       32155      0.07%     99.66% |      155249      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     46328476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1133      0.04%      0.04% |     2780731     99.12%     99.16% |         958      0.03%     99.20% |       22538      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2805360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2282     29.43%     29.43% |         861     11.11%     40.54% |        2149     27.72%     68.26% |        2461     31.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         7753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         434      0.01%      0.01% |     2909371     99.63%     99.64% |         967      0.03%     99.67% |        9492      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2920264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         308     37.79%     37.79% |          57      6.99%     44.79% |         372     45.64%     90.43% |          78      9.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1048     30.75%     30.75% |         128      3.76%     34.51% |        1712     50.23%     84.74% |         520     15.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         3408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      217262      0.39%      0.39% |    55530696     98.43%     98.81% |      167157      0.30%     99.11% |      501968      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     56417083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      233044      0.44%      0.44% |    52214229     98.28%     98.72% |      184507      0.35%     99.07% |      495104      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53126884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4093     35.02%     35.02% |         139      1.19%     36.21% |        3819     32.67%     68.88% |        3637     31.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        11688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1429      0.02%      0.02% |     6087057     99.44%     99.46% |        1068      0.02%     99.48% |       31777      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      6121331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          97     25.73%     25.73% |         104     27.59%     53.32% |          80     21.22%     74.54% |          96     25.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2292     48.76%     48.76% |         890     18.93%     67.69% |         770     16.38%     84.07% |         749     15.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         4701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5214      0.09%      0.09% |     5691607     99.20%     99.29% |        6178      0.11%     99.40% |       34646      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5737645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2709     33.41%     33.41% |         433      5.34%     38.75% |        1591     19.62%     58.37% |        3376     41.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         8109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       29180     22.74%     22.74% |       48255     37.60%     60.34% |       22795     17.76%     78.10% |       28110     21.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       128340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          17      1.61%      1.61% |         486     46.02%     47.63% |         500     47.35%     94.98% |          53      5.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        4379      0.13%      0.13% |     3306097     99.39%     99.52% |        3423      0.10%     99.62% |       12559      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3326458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5980     50.93%     50.93% |        2339     19.92%     70.85% |        1593     13.57%     84.41% |        1830     15.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        11742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2609     41.62%     41.62% |        1256     20.04%     61.65% |        1160     18.50%     80.16% |        1244     19.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         6269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        1863      0.02%      0.02% |     8996428     99.50%     99.52% |        2035      0.02%     99.54% |       41269      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9041595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       101509      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5772632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3327515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9041595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1564384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1102016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2675001      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2666400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16389      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         3408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              31444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          32238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           8109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9070372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        22477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1614937      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1037587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        79019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        26835      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1056      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        24022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4122708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2287679      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1563208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1059266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         8109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1192      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9041595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          713      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        18728      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2666400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        11164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         7564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          30884      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        24022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            560      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1614937      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        22477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1037587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         6269      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9064103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         4690      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         3397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         8087      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.226086                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1226086008500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53416723025501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128646                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   173629                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283852299                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2071916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4319.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555680469                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     749981871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     87035904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          87035904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     51338816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       51338816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1359936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1359936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       802169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            802169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     70986785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             70986785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41872116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            41872116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    112858901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           112858901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1359936                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    802169                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1359936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  802169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              86999040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  36864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               51337984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               87035904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            51338816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            87955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            84286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            86083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            87809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            86209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            84167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            84626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            85974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            83619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            83813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           85593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           83554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           83013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           83655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           83546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           85458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            52495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            49525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            51195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            52198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            51540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            50264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            50080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            50177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            49324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            49477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           49735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           48683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           48936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           49112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           49079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           50336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1226081747500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1359936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              802169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1355377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 49572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 50059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 50059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 50062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 50074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 50082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 50069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 50074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 50063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 50063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 50066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 50047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 50041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 50036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 50026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 50023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       990235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.701206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.961348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.833241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       708342     71.53%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       157150     15.87%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36624      3.70%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21490      2.17%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17538      1.77%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13197      1.33%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10543      1.06%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11665      1.18%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13686      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       990235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.174800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.624451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            56      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        36958     73.88%     73.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10195     20.38%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1427      2.85%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          519      1.04%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          237      0.47%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          238      0.48%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          221      0.44%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           83      0.17%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           57      0.11%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           12      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.035744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.033724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.264445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           49113     98.18%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              40      0.08%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             863      1.73%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 28960551400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            54448551400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6796800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21304.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40054.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       70.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       41.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    70.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    41.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  747026                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 424254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               52.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    567077.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3830326920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2089960125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5412006600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2642051520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         80518779120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        242646915510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        526816146750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          863956186545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           700.822926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 870734357250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40941680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 314404956250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3683685600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2009947500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5289702600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2558446560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         80518779120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        239991225660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        529145699250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          863197486290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           700.207485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 874158042751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40941680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 310986572249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86944960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          86944960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51362368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       51362368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1358515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1358515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       802537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            802537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70912611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             70912611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41891325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            41891325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    112803936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           112803936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1358515                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    802537                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1358515                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  802537                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              86926144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  18816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               51362368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               86944960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            51362368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   294                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            88045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            84572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            84898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            86908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            85661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            84285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            84870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            85952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            83856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            83727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           85755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           83474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           83169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           83592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           83851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           85606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            52557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            49684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            50383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            52487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            51183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            50367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            50379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            50276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            49273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            49461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           49852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           48814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           49134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           49391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           50430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1226084847000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1358515                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              802537                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1354887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 49638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 50081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 50085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 50094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 50090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 50104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 50088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 50105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 50098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 50100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 50084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 50079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 50069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 50059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 50060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 50055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1018973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.713743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.096694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.098209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       744384     73.05%     73.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       150990     14.82%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36876      3.62%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21813      2.14%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17316      1.70%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13277      1.30%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10417      1.02%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10313      1.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13587      1.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1018973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.136093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.339359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            71      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        36693     73.31%     73.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10648     21.27%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1346      2.69%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          473      0.94%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          212      0.42%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          252      0.50%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          203      0.41%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           73      0.15%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           42      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           20      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::400-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        50054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.033424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.031539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.255485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           49201     98.30%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              38      0.08%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             810      1.62%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        50054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28986817418                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            54453461168                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6791105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21341.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40091.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       70.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       41.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    70.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    41.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  735489                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 406296                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    567355.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3928493520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2143523250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5396859000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2640736080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         80518779120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        242486328555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        526957012500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          864071732025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           700.916654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 870869210252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40941680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 314270180248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3802664880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2074866750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5296106400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2562049440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         80518779120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        239773583700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        529336613250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          863364663540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           700.343095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 874355831002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40941680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 310786154998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2452346750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2123121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4304006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4222151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     117344                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       299518                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4222151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8637082                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3434282                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2298921                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1344968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1044920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     637081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    407839                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2440576392.342216                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11770357.657784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004800                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995200                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           454766                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                51369      1.19%      1.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3185902     74.02%     75.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5393      0.13%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    14278      0.33%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.06%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  637081     14.80%     90.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 407839      9.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4304234                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2448433201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  534707745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    710826028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            510418181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331108976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     476530                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31584418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   510418181                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331108976                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1073411115                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         341132358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564027456                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276702032                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           221121673                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241872774                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    153248788                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95012617                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58236171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              55968336.015569                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2392464864.984431                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.977141                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.022859                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34055964                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               966398      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                445290975     62.64%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   26721      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145900      0.02%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111155666     15.64%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95012617     13.37%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58236171      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 710834480                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2451829338                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4004739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7755145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7634206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16107                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     161754                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       591797                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7634206                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16107                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15221595                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6182955                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26147                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12733                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4112380                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2646762                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1720046                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1027601                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    692445                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2431780536.113228                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20048801.886772                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.008177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.991823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           840123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                56062      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5943668     76.64%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    6839      0.09%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    16760      0.22%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12036      0.16%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1027601     13.25%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 692445      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7755459                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2450880051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12027198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     21696957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             21469591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 23781                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     437915                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1577967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    21469591                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        23781                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           43045700                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          17594915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               38124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              18491                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            12499005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8417710                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4737493                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2922521                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1814972                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2402156697.217460                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              48723353.782540                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.019880                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.980120                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2154758                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                70587      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 16826917     77.55%     77.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   31307      0.14%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13188      0.06%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  17667      0.08%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2922521     13.47%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1814972      8.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  21697175                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4491                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4491                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3802                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3802                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               367                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              367                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   17320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          463                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3563                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          331                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                78500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2700483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1084997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1230253                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1112491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1163488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              497498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3623500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1976000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             6297500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1762500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              103160638                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.960688                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.600660                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    90786381     88.00%     88.00% |       15545      0.02%     88.02% |    12354190     11.98%    100.00% |        1181      0.00%    100.00% |        3211      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                103160638                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1897422515                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000793                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1897421322    100.00%    100.00% |        1193      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1897422515                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1897422515                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.578219                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.035498                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.286713                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1897261076     99.99%     99.99% |      153323      0.01%    100.00% |        7119      0.00%    100.00% |         909      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1897422515                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1878798896                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1878798896    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1878798896                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18623619                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.910498                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.949509                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.699894                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    18462180     99.13%     99.13% |      153323      0.82%     99.96% |        7119      0.04%     99.99% |         909      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18623619                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1008664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1047634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2769344                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        37646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2806990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    157179934                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9034245                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166214179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    763112091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        40165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    763152256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1673101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        53817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1726918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5223333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        46008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5269341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4620263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       125201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4745464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     15808116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        40746                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     15848862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6679545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2737253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9416798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            79                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.011118                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0        76616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31573                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83099                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50636                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35153                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4406                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7065                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       612928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5983128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       405088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       281224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       815616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       317232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        56520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.698802                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      9074410                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26797                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9078937                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9037697                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9015474                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6094141                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2915125                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72595280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       214376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653683464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72301576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72123792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    438778152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23832                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23321000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.014567                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        99825                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31683                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       106995                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        47779                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       798600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       253464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7703640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       487104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       382232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1416384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       288000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       101400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.028394                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       165947                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       170756                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1       135398                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82051                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3734                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22018                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1327576                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       268416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12294432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1083184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       954368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5907672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       268848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       176144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     2.211893                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     12135249                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13725223                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13062961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9217702                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6207192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12471                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2956883                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     97081992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       647600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    988216056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    104503688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73741616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    446917824                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       897912                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23655064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.231709                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0      1359936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2162043                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1909125                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0     10879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155667096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15273000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.231565                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0      1358515                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2160988                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1905999                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0     10868120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155591136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15247992                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.492054                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     12135249                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123605                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13744027                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13081352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9217702                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6207192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12471                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2957013                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     97081992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       988840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    989569944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    104650816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73741616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    446917824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       897912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23656104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36405747                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       328160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     41232070                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     66897162                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     18658989                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8871423                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        291245976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2625280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2968709040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    535177296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1343447208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     70971384                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014666                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31573                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28877                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5270400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       231016                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007571                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        76616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21759                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35153                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4406                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7065                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       612928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       712728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       174072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       281224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       815616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       317232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        56520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.849298                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26797                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9072702                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9014799                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       214376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653234544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72118392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     1.548306                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9074410                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6235                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22898                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9015474                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6094141                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2915125                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72595280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       448920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       183184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72123792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    438778152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23832                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23321000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019340                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31683                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        97560                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38779                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       253464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7024320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       310232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009794                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        99825                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9435                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22109                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        47779                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       798600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       679320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       176872                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       382232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1416384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       288000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       101400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032932                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       163526                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       109821                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       268416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11773872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       878568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       165947                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7230                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82051                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3734                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22018                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1327576                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       520560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       954368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5907672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       268848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       176144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     2.139823                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9416798                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2732459                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2783804                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9217702                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6207192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12471                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2956883                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     75334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196737048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     22270432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73741616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    446917824                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       897912                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23655064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     2.283964                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2718451                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10992764                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10279157                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21747608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       647600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    791479008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     82233256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.186212                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1359936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       802105                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       553509                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57751560                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4428072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.277206                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1359938                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1355616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97915536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10844928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.186214                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1358515                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       802473                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       551763                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10868120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57778056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4414104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.276916                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1358515                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1354236                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97813080                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10833888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014666                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31573                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28877                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5270400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       231016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     1.849298                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26797                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9072702                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9014799                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       214376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653234544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72118392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019340                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31683                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        97560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38779                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       253464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7024320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       310232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.032932                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       163526                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1       109821                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       268416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11773872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       878568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     2.139823                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      9416798                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2732459                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2783804                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9217702                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6207192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12471                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2956883                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     75334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196737048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     22270432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73741616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    446917824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       897912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23655064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.186212                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      1359936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       802105                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       553509                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     10879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57751560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4428072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.186214                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      1358515                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       802473                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       551763                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     10868120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57778056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4414104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      55125472                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.791194                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.336845                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    42789284     77.62%     77.62% |        4998      0.01%     77.63% |    12326777     22.36%     99.99% |        1136      0.00%     99.99% |        3147      0.01%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        55125472                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      47814092                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.007628                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.217726                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    47732315     99.83%     99.83% |       43708      0.09%     99.92% |        3743      0.01%     99.93% |        6804      0.01%     99.94% |       27105      0.06%    100.00% |         308      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        47814092                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        221074                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000262                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.022905                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      221045     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          221074                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220851695                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.882318                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.204815                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     21.647681                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220771075     99.96%     99.96% |       76951      0.03%    100.00% |        2907      0.00%    100.00% |         682      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220851695                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209213361                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209213361    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209213361                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11638334                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.695527                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.321421                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.837842                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11557714     99.31%     99.31% |       76951      0.66%     99.97% |        2907      0.02%     99.99% |         682      0.01%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11638334                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119724233                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.727444                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.221316                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.765468                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119608883     99.90%     99.90% |       35764      0.03%     99.93% |       62553      0.05%     99.99% |       12637      0.01%    100.00% |        3174      0.00%    100.00% |         998      0.00%    100.00% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119724233                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113075683                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113075683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113075683                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6648550                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    68.122215                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.606822                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    98.118410                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6533200     98.27%     98.27% |       35764      0.54%     98.80% |       62553      0.94%     99.74% |       12637      0.19%     99.93% |        3174      0.05%     99.98% |         998      0.02%    100.00% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6648550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555558066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000557                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.068351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555555033    100.00%    100.00% |        2001      0.00%    100.00% |         912      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555558066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555291996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1555291996    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1555291996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       266070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.327143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.907327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.253507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      263037     98.86%     98.86% |        2001      0.75%     99.61% |         912      0.34%     99.95% |          71      0.03%     99.98% |          33      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       266070                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       630719                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.710749                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.217676                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.610043                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      626458     99.32%     99.32% |        3809      0.60%     99.93% |         154      0.02%     99.95% |         145      0.02%     99.98% |          95      0.02%     99.99% |          47      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       630719                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       594332                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      594332    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       594332                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        36387                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.987138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.379175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.715657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       32126     88.29%     88.29% |        3809     10.47%     98.76% |         154      0.42%     99.18% |         145      0.40%     99.58% |          95      0.26%     99.84% |          47      0.13%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.98% |           7      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        36387                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       328901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.218811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.395492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.961982                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      328780     99.96%     99.96% |          73      0.02%     99.99% |          44      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       328901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       294623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      294623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       294623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        34278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.884824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.472189                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.659863                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34157     99.65%     99.65% |          73      0.21%     99.86% |          44      0.13%     99.99% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        34278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       328901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      328901    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       328901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       328901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      328901    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       328901                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1359936     50.03%     50.03% |     1358515     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2718451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      802105     49.99%     49.99% |      802473     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1604578                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1359936     50.03%     50.03% |     1358515     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2718451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      802169     49.99%     49.99% |      802537     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1604706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      553509     50.08%     50.08% |      551763     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1105272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1359936     50.03%     50.03% |     1358515     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2718451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      802103     49.99%     49.99% |      802473     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1604576                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      553509     50.08%     50.08% |      551763     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1105272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1359936     50.03%     50.03% |     1358515     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2718451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      802103     49.99%     49.99% |      802473     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1604576                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      596468      0.53%      0.53% |   107744155     96.21%     96.74% |      983924      0.88%     97.62% |     2661865      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    111986412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2806990      0.36%      0.36% |   763152256     96.96%     97.32% |     5269342      0.67%     97.99% |    15848862      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    787077450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      451166      0.73%      0.73% |    58470024     94.69%     95.42% |      742994      1.20%     96.63% |     2083599      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61747783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26165     24.96%     24.96% |       23229     22.16%     47.13% |       26109     24.91%     72.04% |       29311     27.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       104814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       54137      0.58%      0.58% |     9061069     97.01%     97.59% |       78317      0.84%     98.43% |      146913      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9340436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         917     19.17%     19.17% |         901     18.84%     38.01% |        1713     35.81%     73.82% |        1252     26.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         4783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        4491     32.06%     32.06% |        2667     19.04%     51.10% |        3861     27.56%     78.66% |        2989     21.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        14008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          89      6.10%      6.10% |         512     35.09%     41.19% |         678     46.47%     87.66% |         180     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       15337      0.26%      0.26% |     5699913     97.98%     98.25% |       26605      0.46%     98.70% |       75351      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5817206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3814     27.23%     27.23% |        1582     11.29%     38.52% |        3439     24.55%     63.07% |        5173     36.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        14008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       53960      1.51%      1.51% |     3370695     94.30%     95.81% |       66838      1.87%     97.68% |       82822      2.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3574315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6979     41.22%     41.22% |        3313     19.57%     60.78% |        3489     20.61%     81.39% |        3151     18.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3505     31.10%     31.10% |        2220     19.70%     50.80% |        2943     26.12%     76.92% |        2601     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        11269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       18393      0.20%      0.20% |     9009266     98.31%     98.51% |       32347      0.35%     98.86% |      104069      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9164075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       18621      0.32%      0.32% |     5718828     97.79%     98.11% |       29683      0.51%     98.61% |       80999      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5848131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       26923     21.28%     21.28% |       30391     24.02%     45.30% |       36851     29.13%     74.43% |       32351     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       126516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        9148      0.27%      0.27% |     3311850     98.38%     98.65% |       11925      0.35%     99.00% |       33563      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      3366486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3264     13.73%     13.73% |        8816     37.08%     50.81% |        3832     16.12%     66.93% |        7861     33.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        23773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        4347     24.68%     24.68% |        1438      8.16%     32.84% |        6399     36.33%     69.17% |        5430     30.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        17614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       10723     28.18%     28.18% |        9774     25.69%     53.87% |        9157     24.07%     77.94% |        8395     22.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        38049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3438     33.74%     33.74% |         421      4.13%     37.87% |        3545     34.79%     72.65% |        2787     27.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        10191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5446     28.06%     28.06% |        3418     17.61%     45.68% |        4748     24.47%     70.14% |        5794     29.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        19406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       89350     13.54%     13.54% |      189360     28.70%     42.24% |      135692     20.56%     62.81% |      245420     37.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       659822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2769344      0.35%      0.35% |   763112091     96.98%     97.33% |     5223333      0.66%     97.99% |    15808116      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    786912884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3416     34.82%     34.82% |        1708     17.41%     52.23% |        2265     23.09%     75.31% |        2422     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       16046     26.58%     26.58% |       13077     21.67%     48.25% |       16030     26.56%     74.81% |       15205     25.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        60358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       30298     19.30%     19.30% |       48385     30.83%     50.13% |       41222     26.26%     76.39% |       37050     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       156955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      106471      0.23%      0.23% |    46171815     98.59%     98.81% |      206737      0.44%     99.26% |      348348      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     46833371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        3654      0.13%      0.13% |     2782918     97.83%     97.96% |        8822      0.31%     98.27% |       49324      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2844718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2449     29.83%     29.83% |        1005     12.24%     42.07% |        2247     27.37%     69.43% |        2510     30.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         8211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        7065      0.24%      0.24% |     2915125     98.59%     98.83% |       12675      0.43%     99.26% |       22018      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2956883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         340     18.94%     18.94% |         101      5.63%     24.57% |         751     41.84%     66.41% |         603     33.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1385     25.79%     25.79% |         679     12.64%     38.44% |        2135     39.76%     78.19% |        1171     21.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         5370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      377679      0.64%      0.64% |    55662714     94.94%     95.59% |      605413      1.03%     96.62% |     1981668      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     58627474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      431510      0.78%      0.78% |    52373127     94.34%     95.12% |      716437      1.29%     96.41% |     1995503      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     55516577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4406     35.33%     35.33% |         331      2.65%     37.98% |        4000     32.07%     70.06% |        3734     29.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        12471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       11328      0.18%      0.18% |     6094141     98.18%     98.36% |       19672      0.32%     98.68% |       82051      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      6207192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         577     19.31%     19.31% |         800     26.77%     46.08% |         962     32.20%     78.28% |         649     21.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3106     35.96%     35.96% |        1988     23.01%     58.97% |        1726     19.98%     78.95% |        1818     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         8638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       15337      0.26%      0.26% |     5699913     97.98%     98.25% |       26605      0.46%     98.70% |       75351      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5817206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3814     27.23%     27.23% |        1582     11.29%     38.52% |        3439     24.55%     63.07% |        5173     36.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        14008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       41463     20.83%     20.83% |       58936     29.60%     50.43% |       52046     26.14%     76.57% |       46651     23.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       199096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          89      6.10%      6.10% |         512     35.09%     41.19% |         678     46.47%     87.66% |         180     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       12497      0.37%      0.37% |     3311759     98.12%     98.49% |       14792      0.44%     98.93% |       36171      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3375219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6979     41.22%     41.22% |        3313     19.57%     60.78% |        3489     20.61%     81.39% |        3151     18.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3505     31.10%     31.10% |        2220     19.70%     50.80% |        2943     26.12%     76.92% |        2601     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        11269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       18393      0.20%      0.20% |     9009266     98.31%     98.51% |       32347      0.35%     98.86% |      104069      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9164075                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       164569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5866108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3376681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         9811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9164075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1592930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1116918      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2718451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2709850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          21109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         5370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              35533      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          38419      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          14008      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9203694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        29703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1634347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1054401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       134844      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        34509      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         9810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        29413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4182870      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2316035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1590957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1068003      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        14008      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         4783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9164075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        19502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2709850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        11646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         7856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          34609      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        29413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1634336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        29714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1054401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS          101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11269      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9192425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         8626      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         5355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        13981      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
