
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462906                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462905639000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52370022900001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136088                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   245604                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              234354148                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1815152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1975.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268806034                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485126050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       223040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            223040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        81856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          81856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       481826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               481826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       176831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              176831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       658657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              658657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       3485                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1279                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     3485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                221824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  81408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 223040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               81856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 462905651000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 3485                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1279                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   3397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.771920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.136106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.260923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1010     57.88%     57.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          413     23.67%     81.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      9.17%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           37      2.12%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      0.80%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.69%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.52%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.34%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           84      4.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    164.924242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   987.472505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           60     90.91%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      6.06%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.272727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.132633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.465425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              12     18.18%     18.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18               3      4.55%     22.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              24     36.36%     59.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              19     28.79%     87.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      6.06%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.52%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      1.52%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      1.52%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      1.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    36132499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              101119999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  17330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10424.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29174.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    1911                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1082                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                55.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               84.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  97167433.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   63.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                11763360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 6418500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               33930000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               3965760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         11709302805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        269468556000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          311686000665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.519641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446547203500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15457520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    900866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                19293120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                10527000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               50988600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               4276800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         12761794980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        268545317250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          311844261990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.859088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445500697500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15457520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1949917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       222848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            222848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         3482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               3482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       481411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               481411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       175034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              175034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       656445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              656445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       3482                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1266                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     3482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1266                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                220800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  80256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 222848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               81024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 462905414500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 3482                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1266                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   3387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   170.836075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.767902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.988131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1046     59.33%     59.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          409     23.20%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          152      8.62%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      1.70%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           10      0.57%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.74%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.51%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.68%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           82      4.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    164.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   991.278215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           61     92.42%     92.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      4.55%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.910894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.872883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              12     18.18%     18.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18               4      6.06%     24.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              25     37.88%     62.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              18     27.27%     89.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      6.06%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      3.03%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      1.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    36528749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              101216249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  17250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10588.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29338.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     23.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    1879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1062                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  97494821.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                11997720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 6546375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               33735000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               3933360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         11737001385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        269444259000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          311689537080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.527226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446541085750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15457520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    907296750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                19383840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                10576500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               51207000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               4192560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         12804008040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        268508280000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          311849712180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.870798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445468232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15457520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1982369250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       929196200                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     398380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       841056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               826071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      24795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55319                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      826071                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1669673                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            674652                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              444026                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             257632                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       200607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     122746                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     77861                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              927418886.516301                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1777313.483699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001913                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998087                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            87622                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 9677      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   626406     74.48%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1673      0.20%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2478      0.29%     76.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  122746     14.59%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  77861      9.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    841080                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       927698197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265724878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479146705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269519107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864002                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14995226                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269519107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512449651                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176027889                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106879384                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82953744                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84017166                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62863158                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21154008                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3547046.619663                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              924151150.380337                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27042434                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10597      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244746993     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2383      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1741      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62863158     13.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21154008      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479146802                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       923469843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     367033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       777510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               762505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21455                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        56101                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      762505                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1538066                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            627093                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              434682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             233707                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       183263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     113420                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     69843                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              921745589.803437                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1724253.196563                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001867                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998133                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84413                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                11643      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   577046     74.22%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1574      0.20%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     3971      0.51%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  113420     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  69843      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    777514                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       924034604                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1000587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1938612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1908884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40866                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       157006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1908884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3885229                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1555566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1110798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             646075                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       443919                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     274064                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    169855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              919886385.927547                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4148218.072453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004489                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995511                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           213460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19922      1.03%      1.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1465269     75.58%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2355      0.12%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     5893      0.30%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  274064     14.14%     91.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 169855      8.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1938702                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                79500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                30996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              317999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              303995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              326998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              314998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                1380795                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.280569                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.474974                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1332727     96.52%     96.52% |         389      0.03%     96.55% |       47520      3.44%     99.99% |          50      0.00%     99.99% |          90      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  1380795                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    461978587                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000643                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461978396    100.00%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    461978587                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      461978587                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.012625                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.001899                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.696951                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   461975455    100.00%    100.00% |        3022      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        461978587                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461678298                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461678298    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461678298                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       300289                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.422456                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.511072                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.243211                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      297157     98.96%     98.96% |        3022      1.01%     99.96% |          21      0.01%     99.97% |          24      0.01%     99.98% |          53      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       300289                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       196740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4334                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       201074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       517005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       523178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     83779233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       240980                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84020213                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    374789275                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        12509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    374801784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       179231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       183551                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       476010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         5705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       481715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       430945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       446092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1309859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        11121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1320980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       288680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        11609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       300289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.003920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0        10507                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2820                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5754                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3562                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          885                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0        84056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       912960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        46032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        63720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.095738                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       253489                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2180                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       254689                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       237366                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       236295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36185                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2027912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18337608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1898928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1890360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2605320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1585408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003453                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        10025                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2652                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11203                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4028                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2923                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          745                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          438                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0        80200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       806616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32224                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        53640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.009830                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        26268                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2886                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27331                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14663                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13515                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6166                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5202                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       210144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1967832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       117304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       108120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       443952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        41616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.112332                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0       307232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8006                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       303947                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       252496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256295                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        43981                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       204087                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0      2457856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        64048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21884184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2019968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3166632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1632696                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.001072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0         3471                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3710                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1          711                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0        27768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       267120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001068                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0         3472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3694                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1          718                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0        27776                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       265968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5744                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000122                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.025289                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0       307232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10538                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       308641                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257868                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256295                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        43981                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       206227                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2457856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22222152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2062944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3166632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1649816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control          921696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        29082                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       925923                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1542489                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       132102                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       625017                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control          7373568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       232656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     66666456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     12339912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      9511344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      5000136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2820                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9409                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4777                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       677448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10507                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3271                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          977                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3562                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          885                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        84056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       235512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7816                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        63720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135812                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2180                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       252925                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       236217                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18210600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1889736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055663                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       253489                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1764                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1149                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       236295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36185                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2027912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       127008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1890360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2605320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1585408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004967                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2652                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2250                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       696528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001939                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10025                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1529                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1778                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2923                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          745                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          438                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        80200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       110088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        14224                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        53640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013350                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2886                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        25729                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12748                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1852488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       101984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006310                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        26268                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1602                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1915                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13515                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6166                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5202                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       210144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       115344                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        15320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       108120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       443952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        41616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.067635                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       300289                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10443                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256295                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        43981                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       204087                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2402312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       751896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3166632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1632696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.157030                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         6943                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8006                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       293504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251116                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        55544                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        64048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21132288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2008928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000367                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         3471                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          223                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        27768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        16056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001777                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3487                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       251064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000361                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         3472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        27776                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        15120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001776                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3484                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          465                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       250848                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2820                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9409                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4777                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       677448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.135812                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2180                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       252925                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       236217                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18210600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1889736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004967                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2652                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2250                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       696528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013350                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2886                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        25729                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12748                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1852488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       101984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.067635                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0       300289                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10443                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256295                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        43981                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       204087                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0      2402312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       751896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3166632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1632696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000367                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0         3471                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1          223                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0        27768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        16056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000361                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0         3472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0        27776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        15120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        804652                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.441692                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.836393                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      760432     94.50%     94.50% |         127      0.02%     94.52% |       43937      5.46%     99.98% |          48      0.01%     99.99% |          89      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          804652                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        565605                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.056577                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.651855                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      560819     99.15%     99.15% |         938      0.17%     99.32% |         115      0.02%     99.34% |         147      0.03%     99.37% |        3544      0.63%     99.99% |          39      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          565605                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         10538                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       10538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           10538                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63335721                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.064841                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.010222                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.432168                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63333829    100.00%    100.00% |        1845      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63335721                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63113834                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63113834    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63113834                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       221887                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.508430                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.227969                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.624006                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      219995     99.15%     99.15% |        1845      0.83%     99.98% |           9      0.00%     99.98% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       221887                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21459280                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.041555                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.005461                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.510695                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21458769    100.00%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21459280                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21420185                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21420185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21420185                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39095                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.809541                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.873838                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.081222                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       38584     98.69%     98.69% |         481      1.23%     99.92% |           6      0.02%     99.94% |           5      0.01%     99.95% |          16      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39095                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377127657                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001978                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.328439                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377126998    100.00%    100.00% |         631      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377127657                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377092149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377092149    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377092149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.010702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.556155                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.538904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34849     98.14%     98.14% |         631      1.78%     99.92% |           5      0.01%     99.94% |           5      0.01%     99.95% |          15      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        35508                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        32483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.512607                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.237966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.732405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       32439     99.86%     99.86% |           6      0.02%     99.88% |          35      0.11%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        32483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        30176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2307                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.297789                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.200152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.509305                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2263     98.09%     98.09% |           6      0.26%     98.35% |          35      1.52%     99.87% |           1      0.04%     99.91% |           1      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2307                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.296852                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.494341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.494605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11677     99.61%     99.61% |          14      0.12%     99.73% |          29      0.25%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10231                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10231    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10231                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.904155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.479759                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.645149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1446     96.92%     96.92% |          14      0.94%     97.86% |          29      1.94%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           3      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11723    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11723    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11723                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        3471     49.99%     49.99% |        3472     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total         6943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         223     51.50%     51.50% |         210     48.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        3485     50.02%     50.02% |        3482     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         6967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1279     50.26%     50.26% |        1266     49.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         243     48.99%     48.99% |         253     51.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        3471     49.99%     49.99% |        3472     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total         6943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         221     51.52%     51.52% |         208     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total          429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         243     48.99%     48.99% |         253     51.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        3471     49.99%     49.99% |        3472     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total         6943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         221     51.52%     51.52% |         208     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total          429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      113241      0.18%      0.18% |    62854594     99.24%     99.42% |      105777      0.17%     99.59% |      262109      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63335721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      523178      0.14%      0.14% |   374801784     99.38%     99.52% |      481715      0.13%     99.65% |     1320980      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377127657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       87833      0.41%      0.41% |    21165619     98.38%     98.78% |       77774      0.36%     99.14% |      183983      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21515209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         994     16.93%     16.93% |        1152     19.62%     36.55% |        1808     30.79%     67.34% |        1918     32.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        8855      3.00%      3.00% |      252806     85.57%     88.56% |        8751      2.96%     91.52% |       25042      8.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       295454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         381     32.68%     32.68% |         292     25.04%     57.72% |         159     13.64%     71.36% |         334     28.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1445     41.29%     41.29% |         736     21.03%     62.31% |         685     19.57%     81.89% |         634     18.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         3500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           8      1.63%      1.63% |         213     43.47%     45.10% |         142     28.98%     74.08% |         127     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |         997      0.47%      0.47% |      201365     95.93%     96.41% |         981      0.47%     96.88% |        6558      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       209901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         576     16.46%     16.46% |         542     15.49%     31.94% |         804     22.97%     54.91% |        1578     45.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         3500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        7828      9.34%      9.34% |       50805     60.59%     69.93% |        7747      9.24%     79.17% |       17466     20.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total        83846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2515     51.52%     51.52% |        1079     22.10%     73.62% |         574     11.76%     85.37% |         714     14.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1106     36.36%     36.36% |         777     25.54%     61.90% |         493     16.21%     78.11% |         666     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         3042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        1156      0.47%      0.47% |      234361     94.47%     94.94% |        1183      0.48%     95.42% |       11368      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       248068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        2257      1.02%      1.02% |      206499     93.75%     94.77% |        2425      1.10%     95.87% |        9094      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       220275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        6173     17.39%     17.39% |       12509     35.23%     52.62% |        5704     16.06%     68.68% |       11120     31.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        35506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |         880      2.18%      2.18% |       33798     83.92%     86.10% |         770      1.91%     88.01% |        4828     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        40276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         301     20.30%     20.30% |         398     26.84%     47.13% |         322     21.71%     68.85% |         462     31.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         1483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          88      5.46%      5.46% |          93      5.77%     11.23% |         757     46.96%     58.19% |         674     41.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          11     16.67%     16.67% |          26     39.39%     56.06% |          17     25.76%     81.82% |          12     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         657     18.52%     18.52% |        1211     34.13%     52.65% |         874     24.63%     77.28% |         806     22.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       19609      0.16%      0.16% |    12567271     99.38%     99.54% |       21822      0.17%     99.71% |       36687      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     12645389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      517005      0.14%      0.14% |   374789275     99.39%     99.53% |      476010      0.13%     99.65% |     1309859      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    377092149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1098     43.03%     43.03% |         564     22.10%     65.13% |         351     13.75%     78.88% |         539     21.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         2552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         673     15.58%     15.58% |         751     17.38%     32.96% |        1446     33.46%     66.42% |        1451     33.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        7042     16.06%     16.06% |       17234     39.31%     55.38% |        6694     15.27%     70.65% |       12868     29.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        43838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       11456      0.04%      0.04% |    25789389     99.67%     99.72% |        9765      0.04%     99.76% |       63289      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     25873899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         244      5.73%      5.73% |        2464     57.83%     63.55% |         237      5.56%     69.12% |        1316     30.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         4261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |           3     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |          10     66.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         271      0.13%      0.13% |      198176     97.10%     97.24% |         438      0.21%     97.45% |        5202      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       204087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          58     13.43%     13.43% |          82     18.98%     32.41% |          50     11.57%     43.98% |         242     56.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         400     36.83%     36.83% |         211     19.43%     56.26% |         222     20.44%     76.70% |         253     23.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         1086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       79831      0.32%      0.32% |    24291342     98.77%     99.09% |       71008      0.29%     99.38% |      152365      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24594546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       85600      0.40%      0.40% |    21128767     98.42%     98.82% |       76399      0.36%     99.17% |      177288      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21468054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          17     32.08%     32.08% |           3      5.66%     37.74% |          30     56.60%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         885      2.01%      2.01% |       36185     82.27%     84.29% |         745      1.69%     85.98% |        6166     14.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        43981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         323     44.01%     44.01% |         210     28.61%     72.62% |         109     14.85%     87.47% |          92     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1045     43.29%     43.29% |         525     21.75%     65.04% |         463     19.18%     84.22% |         381     15.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |         997      0.47%      0.47% |      201365     95.93%     96.41% |         981      0.47%     96.88% |        6558      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       209901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         576     16.46%     16.46% |         542     15.49%     31.94% |         804     22.97%     54.91% |        1578     45.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         3500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        6945     15.79%     15.79% |       17194     39.08%     54.87% |        7102     16.14%     71.01% |       12753     28.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        43994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           8      1.63%      1.63% |         213     43.47%     45.10% |         142     28.98%     74.08% |         127     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |         883      2.22%      2.22% |       33611     84.34%     86.56% |         645      1.62%     88.17% |        4713     11.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        39852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2515     51.52%     51.52% |        1079     22.10%     73.62% |         574     11.76%     85.37% |         714     14.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1106     36.36%     36.36% |         777     25.54%     61.90% |         493     16.21%     78.11% |         666     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         3042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        1156      0.47%      0.47% |      234361     94.47%     94.94% |        1183      0.48%     95.42% |       11368      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       248068                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR        35508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         221893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          40343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         2552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         248068      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement          390      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean          535      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          6943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack            929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           2467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         1086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           3500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       252795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         1529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         3244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        33977      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS         8486      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         2552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       206657      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        36516      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement          369      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean          262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         3500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       248068      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack          929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            192      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         3244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         1529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         2170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         3042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       249753      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         2413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         1086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         3499      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.498647                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                498647086500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52405764347501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 134905                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   244022                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              233286971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2068080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2137.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288356472                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521592609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1389120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1389120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       525632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         525632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        21705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              21705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         8213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              8213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2785778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2785778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1054116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1054116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3839894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3839894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      21705                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      8213                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    21705                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    8213                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1384640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 524736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1389120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              525632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 498642812500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                21705                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                8213                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  20943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        12346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.665803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.779537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.039181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7320     59.29%     59.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3040     24.62%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          877      7.10%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          348      2.82%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          224      1.81%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          115      0.93%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           98      0.79%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      0.51%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          261      2.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        12346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     58.797571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   362.278343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          487     98.58%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      1.01%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.597166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.539521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.514525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             405     81.98%     81.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.20%     82.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              33      6.68%     88.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              25      5.06%     93.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              19      3.85%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      1.42%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.20%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.20%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.20%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   278492233                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              684148483                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 108175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12872.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31622.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   13388                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   4101                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  16666983.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                45458280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                24803625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               94528200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              21643200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         32786354640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         16191052065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        286980529500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          336144369510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.647634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475652468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16650920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6341088750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                65741760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                35871000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              132124200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              31486320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         32786354640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         18225330480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        285196074750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          336472983150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           670.302279                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 473167774750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16650920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8828327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1387712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1387712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       518272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         518272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        21683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              21683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         8098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2782954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2782954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1039356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1039356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3822311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             3822311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      21683                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      8098                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    21683                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    8098                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1383360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 517952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1387712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              518272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 498645927000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                21683                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                8098                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  20907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        12179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.124477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.332816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.044728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7211     59.21%     59.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2968     24.37%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          871      7.15%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          374      3.07%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          199      1.63%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          128      1.05%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           88      0.72%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           84      0.69%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          256      2.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        12179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     59.283673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   365.187773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          484     98.78%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      0.82%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.516327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.472157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.290495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             410     83.67%     83.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.20%     83.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              26      5.31%     89.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              27      5.51%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              19      3.88%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.82%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.41%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   273690984                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              678972234                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 108075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12662.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31412.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     23.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13371                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4158                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               51.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  16743760.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                45201240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                24663375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               94200600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              21494160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         32786354640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         16104098565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        287056804500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          336132817080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.624620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475816231251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16650920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6179263749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                64925280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                35425500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              132428400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              30948480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         32786354640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         18241207830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        285182147250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          336473437380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           670.303184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 473173508751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16650920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8822593749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1002100586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1407112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2719436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2675627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      67093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       200066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2675627                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5474925                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2150163                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1464143                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             891379                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       668563                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403287                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    265276                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              995272084.196150                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6828501.803850                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006814                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993186                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           289344                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22338      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2018786     74.23%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3084      0.11%     75.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4314      0.16%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403287     14.83%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 265276      9.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2719666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       994349778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266250960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480145773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270497909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9889287                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15064805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270497909                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514487072                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176802194                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107370630                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83248896                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84278800                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63018833                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21259967                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              72145483.136558                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              922204294.863441                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.927445                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.072555                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27147700                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18902      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245469249     51.12%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3291      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2116      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.32%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63018833     13.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21259967      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480145992                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       997237172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3053165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5791023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5726955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     109699                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       462229                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5726955                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11326733                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4587641                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3119959                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2016281                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1276521                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     739952                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    536569                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              983528052.600490                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13709119.399510                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.013747                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.986253                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           642969                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30036      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4460062     77.01%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4589      0.08%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7935      0.14%     77.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  739952     12.78%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 536569      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5791340                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       996021781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16330079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30514210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30097402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     658728                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2462493                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30097402                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58658538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24404043                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            15990929                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10191352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6638769                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3916424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2722345                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              934971776.805554                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              61050004.194446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.061294                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.938706                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3396915                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156109      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23264621     76.24%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92835      0.30%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148509      0.49%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3916424     12.83%     91.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2722345      8.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30514456                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               194982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1789000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              398997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              403992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              434488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              452984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               51996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              912000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3581372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.355997                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.663863                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3424435     95.62%     95.62% |        3195      0.09%     95.71% |      152292      4.25%     99.96% |         406      0.01%     99.97% |         943      0.03%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3581372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    957947982                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001207                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957946587    100.00%    100.00% |        1395      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    957947982                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      957947982                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.020874                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002589                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.215988                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   957928081    100.00%    100.00% |       18202      0.00%    100.00% |         448      0.00%    100.00% |         608      0.00%    100.00% |         495      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        957947982                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957122077                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957122077    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    957122077                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       825905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.211351                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.072157                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.605680                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      806004     97.59%     97.59% |       18202      2.20%     99.79% |         448      0.05%     99.85% |         608      0.07%     99.92% |         495      0.06%     99.98% |         135      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       825905                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       646912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673001                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1840723                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        17642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1858365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     84030722                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       253393                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84284115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    375473004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        18806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    375491810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1246943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1287066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4004162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        32135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4036297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      6598642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      6648876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     21602671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        87194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     21689865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       471012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        54604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       525616                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.015980                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0        43731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6989                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        47531                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27214                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23813                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11063                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          138                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7126                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       349848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3422232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       217712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       190504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       796536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.096029                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       272199                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7356                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       275218                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251588                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       247599                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        41166                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202567                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2177592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19815696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2012704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1980792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2963952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1620536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.025319                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        72258                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7681                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40075                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35812                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18914                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       578064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5360832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       320600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       286496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1361808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        97024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.044130                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       137428                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10373                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       141717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        45796                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25079                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14605                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1099424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        82984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10203624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       401536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       366368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1805688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       116840                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.190690                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0       568980                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       573884                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       387240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       353020                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96222                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236426                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0      4551840                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41319648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3097920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2824160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6927984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        46656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1891408                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.007576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0        21691                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28802                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19055                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0       173528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2073744                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.007547                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0        21673                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28663                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0       173384                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2063736                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153280                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.043065                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0       568980                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32399                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       585154                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       397262                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       353020                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96222                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       238696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0      4551840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       259192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42131088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3178096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2824160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6927984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        46656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1909568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1706940                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        89326                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1755455                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      2250846                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       290610                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       722808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         13655520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       714608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    126392760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     18006768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     20923920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      5782464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020457                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6989                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41947                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23513                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3020184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       188104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011503                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        43731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3701                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23813                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11063                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          138                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7126                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       349848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       190504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       796536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135070                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7356                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       271099                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       246838                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19519128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1974704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.056988                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       272199                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4119                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4750                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       247599                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        41166                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202567                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2177592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       296568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1980792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2963952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1620536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034070                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7681                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70789                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34765                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5096808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       278120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016569                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        72258                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3667                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5310                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35812                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18914                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       578064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       264024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        42480                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       286496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1361808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        97024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064019                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10373                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       135900                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43435                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        82984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9784800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       347480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024241                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       137428                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5817                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6757                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        45796                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25079                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14605                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1099424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       366368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1805688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       116840                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.124607                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       525616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51318                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36642                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       353020                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96222                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236426                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4204928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3694896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       293136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2824160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6927984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        46656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1891408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.256774                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        43364                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       522566                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       350598                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       346912                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37624752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2804784                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004645                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        21691                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7093                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5979                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       173528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       510696                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        47832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010507                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21709                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13076                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1563048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       104608                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004597                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        21673                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6978                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6090                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       173384                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       502416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        48720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21685                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13070                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1561320                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       104560                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020457                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6989                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41947                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23513                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3020184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       188104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.135070                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7356                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       271099                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       246838                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19519128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1974704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.034070                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7681                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70789                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34765                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5096808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       278120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.064019                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10373                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       135900                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43435                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        82984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9784800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       347480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.124607                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0       525616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51318                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36642                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       353020                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96222                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236426                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0      4204928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3694896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       293136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2824160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6927984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        46656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1891408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.004645                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        21691                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7093                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5979                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       173528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       510696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        47832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.004597                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        21673                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6978                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6090                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       173384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       502416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        48720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       2015936                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.571739                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.089703                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1873847     92.95%     92.95% |        1063      0.05%     93.00% |      139627      6.93%     99.93% |         382      0.02%     99.95% |         917      0.05%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         2015936                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1522499                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.080368                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.767384                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1507651     99.02%     99.02% |        2132      0.14%     99.16% |       12665      0.83%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1522499                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         42937                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000140                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.016717                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       42934     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           42937                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131296820                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.086767                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011586                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.288732                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131286160     99.99%     99.99% |        9916      0.01%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |         281      0.00%    100.00% |         205      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131296820                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130787932                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130787932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    130787932                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       508888                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.386531                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.532011                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.194264                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      498228     97.91%     97.91% |        9916      1.95%     99.85% |         187      0.04%     99.89% |         281      0.06%     99.95% |         205      0.04%     99.99% |          60      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       508888                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46192411                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.090476                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007985                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.150881                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46187789     99.99%     99.99% |        3970      0.01%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |         229      0.00%    100.00% |         205      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46192411                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46078739                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46078739    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46078739                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       113672                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.766292                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.333359                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.826719                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      109050     95.93%     95.93% |        3970      3.49%     99.43% |         164      0.14%     99.57% |         229      0.20%     99.77% |         205      0.18%     99.95% |          53      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       113672                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780203994                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.005265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.563175                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780199764    100.00%    100.00% |        3954      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780203994                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780012709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780012709    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780012709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       191285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.472907                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.646804                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.856048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      187055     97.79%     97.79% |        3954      2.07%     99.86% |          91      0.05%     99.90% |          91      0.05%     99.95% |          71      0.04%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       191285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.064632                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.142806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.083265                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      130603     99.82%     99.82% |          55      0.04%     99.87% |         161      0.12%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125126                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125126    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125126                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.406694                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.331404                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.468831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5477     95.97%     95.97% |          55      0.96%     96.93% |         161      2.82%     99.75% |           3      0.05%     99.81% |           3      0.05%     99.86% |           1      0.02%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.89% |           1      0.02%     99.91% |           3      0.05%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5707                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.872841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.385821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.171000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61625     99.46%     99.46% |         123      0.20%     99.65% |         198      0.32%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        61962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        55609                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       55609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        55609                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6353                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.019361                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.104374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.414469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6016     94.70%     94.70% |         123      1.94%     96.63% |         198      3.12%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           2      0.03%     99.78% |           3      0.05%     99.83% |           2      0.03%     99.86% |           1      0.02%     99.87% |           8      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6353                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61962    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        61962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61962    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        61962                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       21691     50.02%     50.02% |       21673     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        43364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        7093     50.41%     50.41% |        6978     49.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        14071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       21705     50.03%     50.03% |       21683     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        43388                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        8213     50.35%     50.35% |        8098     49.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        16311                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        5979     49.54%     49.54% |        6090     50.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        12069                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       21691     50.02%     50.02% |       21673     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        43364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        7089     50.40%     50.40% |        6976     49.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        14065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        5979     49.54%     49.54% |        6090     50.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        12069                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       21691     50.02%     50.02% |       21673     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        43364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        7089     50.40%     50.40% |        6976     49.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        14065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      382689      0.56%      0.56% |    63005356     92.71%     93.27% |      718002      1.06%     94.33% |     3855052      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67961099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1858365      0.46%      0.46% |   375491810     93.16%     93.62% |     4036299      1.00%     94.62% |    21689865      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403076339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      290312      1.16%      1.16% |    21278759     85.35%     86.51% |      569064      2.28%     88.79% |     2793824     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24931959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        3839     18.14%     18.14% |        4971     23.49%     41.62% |        5503     26.00%     67.62% |        6853     32.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       41123      7.97%      7.97% |      270697     52.43%     60.40% |       69602     13.48%     73.88% |      134864     26.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       516286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         716     21.84%     21.84% |         651     19.85%     41.69% |         689     21.01%     62.70% |        1223     37.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        2434     30.60%     30.60% |        1734     21.80%     52.40% |        1489     18.72%     71.12% |        2297     28.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         7954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         139     12.75%     12.75% |         334     30.64%     43.39% |         290     26.61%     70.00% |         327     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       11327      4.32%      4.32% |      206966     78.93%     83.25% |       21189      8.08%     91.33% |       22746      8.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1621     20.38%     20.38% |        1349     16.96%     37.34% |        2069     26.01%     63.35% |        2915     36.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         7954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       28860     11.62%     11.62% |       62450     25.13%     36.75% |       47241     19.01%     55.76% |      109912     44.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       248463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3401     38.08%     38.08% |        1671     18.71%     56.78% |        1964     21.99%     78.77% |        1896     21.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         8932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1923     27.59%     27.59% |        1434     20.57%     48.16% |        1759     25.23%     73.39% |        1855     26.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       18189      5.47%      5.47% |      243733     73.27%     78.74% |       31042      9.33%     88.07% |       39684     11.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       332648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       14975      5.26%      5.26% |      213830     75.13%     80.39% |       26645      9.36%     89.75% |       29180     10.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       284630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       17634     11.32%     11.32% |       18790     12.07%     23.39% |       32122     20.63%     44.02% |       87183     55.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       155729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        8981     11.73%     11.73% |       38077     49.73%     61.46% |       11002     14.37%     75.83% |       18501     24.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        76561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        1768     15.15%     15.15% |        2946     25.25%     40.40% |        3108     26.64%     67.04% |        3846     32.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         249     10.50%     10.50% |         279     11.77%     22.27% |         924     38.97%     61.24% |         919     38.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           8     16.67%     16.67% |          16     33.33%     50.00% |          13     27.08%     77.08% |          11     22.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         100     25.25%     25.25% |         107     27.02%     52.27% |          83     20.96%     73.23% |         106     26.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2589     26.83%     26.83% |        2150     22.28%     49.11% |        2054     21.28%     70.39% |        2857     29.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         9650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       49253      0.38%      0.38% |    12589206     97.83%     98.21% |       82330      0.64%     98.85% |      147951      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     12868740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1840723      0.46%      0.46% |   375473004     93.19%     93.64% |     4004162      0.99%     94.64% |    21602671      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    402920560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1784     30.33%     30.33% |        1100     18.70%     49.04% |        1469     24.98%     74.02% |        1528     25.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1851     21.68%     21.68% |        1692     19.82%     41.50% |        2142     25.09%     66.58% |        2853     33.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         8538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       20345     11.69%     11.69% |       24814     14.26%     25.96% |       36506     20.98%     46.94% |       92323     53.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       173988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       87810      0.33%      0.33% |    25830659     97.64%     97.98% |      183761      0.69%     98.67% |      351833      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     26454063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2860     13.68%     13.68% |        3402     16.27%     29.95% |        8075     38.62%     68.56% |        6574     31.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        20911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          82     26.28%     26.28% |         112     35.90%     62.18% |          60     19.23%     81.41% |          58     18.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        7126      3.01%      3.01% |      202567     85.68%     88.69% |       12128      5.13%     93.82% |       14605      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       236426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         147      9.89%      9.89% |         143      9.62%     19.52% |         389     26.18%     45.69% |         807     54.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         698     23.61%     23.61% |         653     22.08%     45.69% |         567     19.17%     64.86% |        1039     35.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         2957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      230402      0.81%      0.81% |    24371382     85.96%     86.77% |      424342      1.50%     88.27% |     3325169     11.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     28351295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      276587      1.11%      1.11% |    21236073     85.53%     86.65% |      548435      2.21%     88.85% |     2767115     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24828210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         138     21.30%     21.30% |         221     34.10%     55.40% |         193     29.78%     85.19% |          96     14.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       11063     11.50%     11.50% |       41166     42.78%     54.28% |       18914     19.66%     73.94% |       25079     26.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        96222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         569     31.75%     31.75% |         507     28.29%     60.04% |         300     16.74%     76.79% |         416     23.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1736     34.75%     34.75% |        1080     21.62%     56.37% |         922     18.45%     74.82% |        1258     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         4996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11327      4.32%      4.32% |      206966     78.93%     83.25% |       21189      8.08%     91.33% |       22746      8.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1621     20.38%     20.38% |        1349     16.96%     37.34% |        2069     26.01%     63.35% |        2915     36.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         7954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       19918     11.54%     11.54% |       24600     14.25%     25.79% |       36446     21.12%     46.91% |       91632     53.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       172596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         139     12.75%     12.75% |         334     30.64%     43.39% |         290     26.61%     70.00% |         327     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        8942     11.79%     11.79% |       37850     49.89%     61.68% |       10795     14.23%     75.91% |       18280     24.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        75867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3401     38.08%     38.08% |        1671     18.71%     56.78% |        1964     21.99%     78.77% |        1896     21.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         8932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1923     27.59%     27.59% |        1434     20.57%     48.16% |        1759     25.23%     73.39% |        1855     26.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         6971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       18189      5.47%      5.47% |      243731     73.27%     78.74% |       31042      9.33%     88.07% |       39684     11.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       332646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       155777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         287050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          76960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         332649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        13665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        12469      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         43364      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          26140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           5645      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         2957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               4820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           5676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           7954      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       345066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         6998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        19150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        17216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       148767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        16805      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         5158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       243085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        55372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        13100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         6716      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         7954      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       332646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        26140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          248      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           4589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         5158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        19143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         7005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        17216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         6971      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       338095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         4991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         2951      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         7942      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
