
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.195304                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1195304113500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53385968129001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126901                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   169802                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              280078419                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1812148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4267.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541583373                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724671189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42858944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42858944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25263680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25263680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       669671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             669671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            394745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     35856100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             35856100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21135776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            21135776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     56991876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            56991876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     669671                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    394745                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   669671                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  394745                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42811072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  47872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25262976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42858944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25263680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   748                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            42936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            43996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            42164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           42116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            25401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            26568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            25574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           24746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1195311721500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               669671                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              394745                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 668084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 24494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 24605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 24616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 24620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 24618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 24621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 24615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 24608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 24609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 24607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 24604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 24603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 24604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 24603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 24600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 24600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       501173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.829185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.461541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.332956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       350768     69.99%     69.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81621     16.29%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21515      4.29%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19476      3.89%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10505      2.10%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8150      1.63%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3134      0.63%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2919      0.58%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3085      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       501173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.192967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.896001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.679642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            41      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        12053     49.00%     49.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6267     25.48%     74.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         3623     14.73%     89.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          905      3.68%     93.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          463      1.88%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          421      1.71%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          393      1.60%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          164      0.67%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          121      0.49%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           65      0.26%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           26      0.11%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           15      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           11      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           10      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           11      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        24600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.046098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.043507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.299445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           24026     97.67%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      0.07%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             556      2.26%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        24600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12796292231                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            25338598481                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3344615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19129.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37879.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       35.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       21.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    35.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    21.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  346013                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 216470                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1122974.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1901846520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1037713875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2630955600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1285042320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        217813249845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        530146651500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          833325426780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           693.271902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 876658449251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 278732133999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1904326200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1039066875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2636080200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1273987440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        218037543705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        529949902500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          833350874040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           693.293072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 876656657002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 278728085498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42696192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          42696192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25155136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25155136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       667128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             667128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       393049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            393049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     35719941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             35719941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21044967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            21044967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     56764908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            56764908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     667128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    393049                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   667128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  393049                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              42686272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   9920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25155328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               42696192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25155136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            42894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            43298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            41628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           41911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           42715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           41608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            25511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            25006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            23839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1195296833000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               667128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              393049                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 666304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       500917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.435068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.064879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.439738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       353272     70.53%     70.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        79016     15.77%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21307      4.25%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19344      3.86%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10752      2.15%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8110      1.62%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3252      0.65%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2683      0.54%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3181      0.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       500917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.217407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.935941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.611954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            28      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        11934     48.70%     48.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6228     25.41%     74.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         3788     15.46%     89.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          826      3.37%     93.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          472      1.93%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          383      1.56%     96.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          429      1.75%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          144      0.59%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          120      0.49%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           64      0.26%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           39      0.16%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           17      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           11      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            6      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            9      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.038356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.036203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.272965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24027     98.04%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              21      0.09%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             458      1.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12626653977                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25132397727                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3334865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18931.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37681.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       35.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       21.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    35.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    21.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  345843                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 213266                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               54.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1127450.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1901362680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1037449875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2619754800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1276585920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        217728628785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        530220880500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          833294629680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           693.246280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 876819704252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 278565051998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1902972960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1038328500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2632133400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1271531520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        218254308435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        529759758000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          833368999935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           693.308152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 876365200500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 279019542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42741120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          42741120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25119872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       25119872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       667830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             667830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       392498                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            392498                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     35757528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             35757528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21015465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            21015465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56772993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            56772993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     667830                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    392498                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   667830                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  392498                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              42731456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   9664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               25119232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               42741120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            25119872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            42953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            43836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            41686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            41312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            40954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            41726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            41543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           41923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           42708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           41885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           41737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            25454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            25387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            24836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            23804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            24075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            24620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            24670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           24780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           24776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1195298643500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               667830                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              392498                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 666928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 24389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 24477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 24481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 24491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 24483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 24483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 24482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 24487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 24484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 24479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 24476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 24474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 24475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 24473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 24472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 24472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       501384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.326791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.004641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.251003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       353929     70.59%     70.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        78764     15.71%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21266      4.24%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19476      3.88%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10786      2.15%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8160      1.63%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3116      0.62%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2729      0.54%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3158      0.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       501384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.282813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.990029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.585439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            34      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        11876     48.53%     48.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6035     24.66%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         3978     16.26%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          831      3.40%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          488      1.99%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          394      1.61%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          413      1.69%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          165      0.67%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          103      0.42%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           73      0.30%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           31      0.13%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           15      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            8      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           13      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            8      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        24472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.038248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.036096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.272880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           23996     98.05%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.07%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             458      1.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        24472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12603839988                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            25122821238                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3338395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    18877.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37627.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       35.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       21.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    35.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    21.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  346158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 212624                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                51.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1127291.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   52.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1901944800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1037767500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2625331800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1271959200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        217761316290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        530192207250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          833300493960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           693.251159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 876732773750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 278651822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1905951600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1039953750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2631922800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1272607200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        218550292335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        529500123000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          833410817805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           693.342941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 875902317750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 279482424750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42849344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          42849344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25271040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25271040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       669521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             669521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       394860                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            394860                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     35848069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             35848069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21141933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            21141933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     56990002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            56990002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     669521                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    394860                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   669521                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  394860                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              42837568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  11776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25271744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               42849344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25271040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            43353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            42614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            41706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            41598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            41075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            40989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            42013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            41667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           42107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           42877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           42199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           41876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           42006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            25531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            25557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            24942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            24728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            23977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            23993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            24077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            24781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            24759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           24917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           25003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           24722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1195303900500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               669521                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              394860                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 668729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 24546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 24626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 24629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 24627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 24631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 24631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 24631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 24631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 24633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 24630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 24628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 24628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 24627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 24623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 24623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 24623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       525620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.577292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.042577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.091922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       357899     68.09%     68.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       108059     20.56%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19506      3.71%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14164      2.69%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8706      1.66%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8313      1.58%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3272      0.62%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2847      0.54%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2854      0.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       525620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.186005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.972140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.389503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            36      0.15%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        18153     73.72%     73.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         4762     19.34%     93.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          915      3.72%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          514      2.09%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          168      0.68%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           35      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           20      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           12      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        24623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.036673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.034605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.267502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           24166     98.14%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.04%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             446      1.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        24623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 13845353985                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            26395422735                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3346685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20685.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               39435.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       35.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       21.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    35.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    21.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  315274                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 223308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                47.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1123003.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   50.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1989686160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1085642250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2625425400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1279074240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        217010704950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        530850638250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          833351138370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           693.293292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 877360114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 278024536750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2001290760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1091974125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2644925400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1280635920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         78509967120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        217610300205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        530324677500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          833463771030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           693.386995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 876876293750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 278508931750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2389247564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1077968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2335800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2285095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      70280                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       152016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2285095                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4657523                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1888711                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1254637                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             689937                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       554403                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     342071                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    212332                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2382860321.498553                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6387242.501447                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002673                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997327                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           243829                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                38199      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1726435     73.91%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4009      0.17%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12746      0.55%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  342071     14.64%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 212332      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2335822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2392555682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533883148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709233019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508855118                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     434383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31470801                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508855118                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070220652                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339884149                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220309701                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241374982                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152853563                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94771170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58082393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9655988.628376                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2382899693.371624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.995964                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.004036                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33884773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               955200      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444112243     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25455      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145129      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94771170     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58082393      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709241320                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2391465754                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     893622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1924890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1878843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      52134                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       138641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1878843                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3814630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1559667                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1093391                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             568466                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       453567                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     284002                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    169565                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2385971858.009785                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5493895.990215                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002297                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997703                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           207875                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                35762      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1419104     73.72%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3664      0.19%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    12796      0.66%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  284002     14.75%     91.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 169565      8.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1924893                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2388586754                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2908220                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5770841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5670507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     147314                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       490081                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5670507                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11289996                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4606089                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3643367                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1978914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1303168                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     843558                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    459610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2374785625.966176                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13801128.033824                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           664053                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                37693      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4411816     76.45%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4613      0.08%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    12266      0.21%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  843558     14.62%     92.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 459610      7.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5770932                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  710                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 710                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1464                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1464                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              706499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              823758                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              723998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2084000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              479500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              477500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               51119678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.962158                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.602131                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    44977552     87.98%     87.98% |        6659      0.01%     88.00% |     6133747     12.00%    100.00% |         424      0.00%    100.00% |        1271      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 51119678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936609215                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000499                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936608982    100.00%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936609215                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936609215                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.569043                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.035563                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.572656                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936464309     99.98%     99.98% |       92707      0.01%     99.99% |       48492      0.01%    100.00% |        2334      0.00%    100.00% |        1208      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936609215                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    927401189                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   927401189    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    927401189                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9208026                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.881093                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.971711                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.482862                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     9063120     98.43%     98.43% |       92707      1.01%     99.43% |       48492      0.53%     99.96% |        2334      0.03%     99.99% |        1208      0.01%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9208026                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       536838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       553649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1400294                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        26444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1426738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    156796596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9019135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    165815731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    762038520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        31031                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    762069551                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       437898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       453421                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1166217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        19427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1185644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1249868                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        55346                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1305214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3774958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        24309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3799267                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6524497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2683529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9208026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.006224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        43255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26859                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48125                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29249                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14478                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1390                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3925                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          358                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       346040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       214872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3465000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       115824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       100080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       282600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.738927                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      9050166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9051575                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9022536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9003435                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6090237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2910191                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     72401328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    651713400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72180288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72027480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    438497064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23281528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        34950                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22892                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12158                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          958                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       279600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       198320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2862720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       183136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        97264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        76896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       268488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.013334                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        79655                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24574                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80743                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64417                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51670                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        31951                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9491                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       637240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5813496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       515336                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2300472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       247896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        75928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     2.228438                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     11882176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13450747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12869650                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9081741                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6124646                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11234                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920998                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     95057408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    968453784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102957200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72653928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440974512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       808848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23367984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.117018                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       669671                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1064416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       940321                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      5357368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76637952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7522568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.116557                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       667128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1060177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       936955                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      5337024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76332744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7495640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.116598                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       667830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1060328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       938858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      5342640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76343616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7510864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.117009                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       669521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1064381                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       939940                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      5356168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76635432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7519520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.405426                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     11882176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        96111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13460126                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12882409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9081741                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6124646                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     95057408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       768888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    969129072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103059272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72653928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440974512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       808848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23367984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35646528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       250882                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40380378                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     65892450                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     18407640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8762994                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        285172224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2007056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2907387216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    527139600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1325350080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     70103952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26859                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40718                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10233                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       214872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2931696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        81864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004007                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        43255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14478                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1390                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3925                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          358                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       346040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       533304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       115824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       100080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       282600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.892161                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9049380                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9004025                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    651555360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72032200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.585693                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9050166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2195                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18511                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9003435                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6090237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2910191                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72401328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       158040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72027480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    438497064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23281528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34287                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4778                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       198320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2468664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        34950                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18114                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12158                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          958                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       279600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       394056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       144912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        97264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        76896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       268488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016213                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24574                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5648256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       356480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010455                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        79655                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2295                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19857                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51670                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        31951                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9491                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       637240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       165240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       158856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2300472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       247896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        75928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.160565                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9208026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2682141                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2728352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9081741                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6124646                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11234                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920998                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     73664208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193114152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21826816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72653928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440974512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       808848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23367984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     2.296310                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2674150                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10768606                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10141298                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21393200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    775339632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     81130384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094017                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       669671                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272788                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5357368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28421640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2182304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.140018                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       669671                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       667533                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48216312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5340264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093627                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       667128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       393049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271953                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5337024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28299528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2175624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.139487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       667128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       665002                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48033216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5320016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093564                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       667830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392498                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273180                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5342640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28259856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2185440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.139633                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       667830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       665678                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48083760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5325424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094030                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       669521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394860                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272540                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5356168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28429920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2180320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.139987                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       669521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       667400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48205512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5339200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26859                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40718                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       214872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2931696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        81864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     1.892161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9049380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9004025                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    651555360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72032200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34287                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       198320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2468664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.016213                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5648256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       356480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     2.160565                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      9208026                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2682141                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2728352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9081741                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6124646                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2920998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     73664208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193114152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21826816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72653928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    440974512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       808848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23367984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.094017                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       669671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394745                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      5357368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28421640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2182304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.093627                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       667128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       393049                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271953                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      5337024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28299528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2175624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.093564                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       667830                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273180                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      5342640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28259856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2185440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.094030                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       669521                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394860                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272540                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      5356168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28429920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2180320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      27335411                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.794102                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.338289                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21207444     77.58%     77.58% |        2309      0.01%     77.59% |     6123959     22.40%     99.99% |         416      0.00%    100.00% |        1258      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        27335411                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      23688156                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.006023                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.188399                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    23653564     99.85%     99.85% |       20433      0.09%     99.94% |        1532      0.01%     99.95% |        2818      0.01%     99.96% |        9709      0.04%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        23688156                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         96111                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000166                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.018246                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       96103     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           96111                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108862600                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.888034                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.206409                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     20.656025                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108776077     99.92%     99.92% |       58405      0.05%     99.97% |       26509      0.02%    100.00% |         991      0.00%    100.00% |         558      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108862600                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103091955                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103091955    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    103091955                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5770645                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.482452                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.465820                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.374859                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5684122     98.50%     98.50% |       58405      1.01%     99.51% |       26509      0.46%     99.97% |         991      0.02%     99.99% |         558      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5770645                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58780423                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.618878                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.223780                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.148711                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58723481     99.90%     99.90% |       33279      0.06%     99.96% |       21598      0.04%    100.00% |        1319      0.00%    100.00% |         641      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58780423                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55473547                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55473547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55473547                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3306876                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.326326                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.219779                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.656199                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3249934     98.28%     98.28% |       33279      1.01%     99.28% |       21598      0.65%     99.94% |        1319      0.04%     99.98% |         641      0.02%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3306876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768481200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.006115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.948569                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768465558    100.00%    100.00% |       14425      0.00%    100.00% |         508      0.00%    100.00% |         367      0.00%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768481200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768379989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768379989    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768379989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       101211                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.431425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.361436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.384078                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       85569     84.55%     84.55% |       14425     14.25%     98.80% |         508      0.50%     99.30% |         367      0.36%     99.66% |         221      0.22%     99.88% |          91      0.09%     99.97% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       101211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       217282                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.524125                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.290933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.554148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      215264     99.07%     99.07% |        1832      0.84%     99.91% |          72      0.03%     99.95% |          55      0.03%     99.97% |          43      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       217282                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       201091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      201091    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       201091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16191                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.293496                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.783753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.535788                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       14173     87.54%     87.54% |        1832     11.31%     98.85% |          72      0.44%     99.30% |          55      0.34%     99.64% |          43      0.27%     99.90% |          13      0.08%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16191                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.894401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.364552                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.321167                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133018     99.37%     99.37% |         799      0.60%     99.97% |           9      0.01%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       120752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      120752    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       120752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13103                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.568038                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.933384                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.117437                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12266     93.61%     93.61% |         799      6.10%     99.71% |           9      0.07%     99.78% |          12      0.09%     99.87% |          10      0.08%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13103                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133855    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133855    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      669671     25.04%     25.04% |      667128     24.95%     49.99% |      667830     24.97%     74.96% |      669521     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2674150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      394745     25.06%     25.06% |      393049     24.95%     50.01% |      392498     24.92%     74.93% |      394860     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1575152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      669671     25.04%     25.04% |      667128     24.95%     49.99% |      667830     24.97%     74.96% |      669521     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2674150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      394745     25.06%     25.06% |      393049     24.95%     50.01% |      392498     24.92%     74.93% |      394860     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1575152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      272788     25.02%     25.02% |      271953     24.94%     49.96% |      273180     25.05%     75.01% |      272540     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1090461                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      669671     25.04%     25.04% |      667128     24.95%     49.99% |      667830     24.97%     74.96% |      669521     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2674150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      394745     25.06%     25.06% |      393049     24.95%     50.01% |      392498     24.92%     74.93% |      394860     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1575152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      272788     25.02%     25.02% |      271953     24.94%     49.96% |      273180     25.05%     75.01% |      272540     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1090461                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      669671     25.04%     25.04% |      667128     24.95%     49.99% |      667830     24.97%     74.96% |      669521     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2674150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      394745     25.06%     25.06% |      393049     24.95%     50.01% |      392498     24.92%     74.93% |      394860     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1575152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      314345      0.29%      0.29% |   107512939     98.76%     99.05% |      263873      0.24%     99.29% |      771443      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    108862600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1426738      0.19%      0.19% |   762069551     99.17%     99.35% |     1185644      0.15%     99.51% |     3799267      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768481200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      239304      0.40%      0.40% |    58302792     98.38%     98.78% |      189548      0.32%     99.10% |      533771      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59265415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       22941     26.45%     26.45% |       18648     21.50%     47.95% |       21843     25.18%     73.14% |       23300     26.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        86732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       22867      0.25%      0.25% |     9038514     98.87%     99.12% |       17028      0.19%     99.31% |       63005      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9141414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         429     30.91%     30.91% |         285     20.53%     51.44% |         421     30.33%     81.77% |         253     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3489     43.66%     43.66% |         955     11.95%     55.61% |        2526     31.61%     87.22% |        1021     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         7991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           8      0.77%      0.77% |         464     44.62%     45.38% |         497     47.79%     93.17% |          71      6.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5162      0.09%      0.09% |     5692013     99.21%     99.30% |        6054      0.11%     99.40% |       34351      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5737580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2560     32.04%     32.04% |         409      5.12%     37.15% |        1496     18.72%     55.88% |        3526     44.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         7991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       32988      0.95%      0.95% |     3356494     97.11%     98.07% |       26240      0.76%     98.83% |       40500      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3456222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5940     50.69%     50.69% |        2347     20.03%     70.71% |        1592     13.58%     84.30% |        1840     15.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        11719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2545     40.83%     40.83% |        1250     20.05%     60.89% |        1160     18.61%     79.50% |        1278     20.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        1748      0.02%      0.02% |     9000428     99.50%     99.52% |        2026      0.02%     99.54% |       41442      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9045644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        6221      0.11%      0.11% |     5707182     99.16%     99.27% |        5520      0.10%     99.36% |       36649      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5755572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       15887     25.03%     25.03% |       21155     33.32%     58.35% |       10437     16.44%     74.79% |       16003     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        63482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        1280      0.04%      0.04% |     3310177     99.61%     99.65% |        1214      0.04%     99.69% |       10353      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      3323024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2201     15.88%     15.88% |        6053     43.69%     59.57% |        1578     11.39%     70.96% |        4024     29.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        13856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        3834     25.44%     25.44% |         940      6.24%     31.67% |        5395     35.79%     67.47% |        4904     32.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        15073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       10557     27.98%     27.98% |        9876     26.18%     54.16% |        8990     23.83%     77.99% |        8306     22.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        37729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2939     36.96%     36.96% |          50      0.63%     37.59% |        2730     34.33%     71.92% |        2233     28.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         7952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3612     28.15%     28.15% |        2240     17.46%     45.60% |        3127     24.37%     69.97% |        3853     30.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        12832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       56668     16.93%     16.93% |      149773     44.74%     61.67% |       54430     16.26%     77.93% |       73861     22.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       334732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1400294      0.18%      0.18% |   762038520     99.17%     99.36% |     1166217      0.15%     99.51% |     3774958      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    768379989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2537     48.84%     48.84% |         786     15.13%     63.98% |         664     12.78%     76.76% |        1207     23.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       14615     26.98%     26.98% |       11594     21.40%     48.38% |       14481     26.73%     75.11% |       13483     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        54173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       17507     21.11%     21.11% |       35846     43.22%     64.33% |       11875     14.32%     78.65% |       17710     21.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        82938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       31438      0.07%      0.07% |    46121994     99.54%     99.60% |       31234      0.07%     99.67% |      152300      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     46336966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1093      0.04%      0.04% |     2780357     99.13%     99.16% |         898      0.03%     99.20% |       22551      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2804899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2200     29.46%     29.46% |         864     11.57%     41.03% |        2054     27.50%     68.53% |        2350     31.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         7468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         358      0.01%      0.01% |     2910191     99.63%     99.64% |         958      0.03%     99.68% |        9491      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2920998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         328     37.23%     37.23% |          56      6.36%     43.59% |         339     38.48%     82.07% |         158     17.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1206     36.01%     36.01% |         128      3.82%     39.83% |        1769     52.82%     92.65% |         246      7.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         3349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      216184      0.38%      0.38% |    55533050     98.43%     98.81% |      167294      0.30%     99.11% |      503729      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     56420257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      231455      0.44%      0.44% |    52211422     98.28%     98.72% |      184042      0.35%     99.06% |      497427      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53124346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3925     34.94%     34.94% |         137      1.22%     36.16% |        3729     33.19%     69.35% |        3443     30.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        11234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1390      0.02%      0.02% |     6090237     99.44%     99.46% |        1068      0.02%     99.48% |       31951      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      6124646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         101     19.92%     19.92% |         229     45.17%     65.09% |          82     16.17%     81.26% |          95     18.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2283     49.18%     49.18% |         827     17.82%     67.00% |         757     16.31%     83.30% |         775     16.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         4642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5162      0.09%      0.09% |     5692013     99.21%     99.30% |        6054      0.11%     99.40% |       34351      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5737580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2560     32.04%     32.04% |         409      5.12%     37.15% |        1496     18.72%     55.88% |        3526     44.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         7991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       28777     22.79%     22.79% |       46731     37.00%     59.79% |       22792     18.05%     77.84% |       27985     22.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           8      0.77%      0.77% |         464     44.62%     45.38% |         497     47.79%     93.17% |          71      6.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        4211      0.13%      0.13% |     3309763     99.39%     99.52% |        3448      0.10%     99.62% |       12515      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3329937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5940     50.69%     50.69% |        2347     20.03%     70.71% |        1592     13.58%     84.30% |        1840     15.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        11719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2545     40.83%     40.83% |        1250     20.05%     60.89% |        1160     18.61%     79.50% |        1278     20.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         6233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        1748      0.02%      0.02% |     9000428     99.50%     99.52% |        2026      0.02%     99.54% |       41442      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9045644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       101214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5770693      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3330978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9045644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1564488      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1101125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2674150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2665613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          15876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         3349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              30925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          31814      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           7991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9073750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        22352      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1614501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1037297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        78850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        25074      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        23895      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4123079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2291252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1563265      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1059300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         7991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9045644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          772      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        17930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2665613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          570      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        10664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         7266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          30395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        23895      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1614501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        22352      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1037297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         6233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9067517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         4637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         3342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         7979      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.221509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1221508652500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53412172668001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              278830071                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2074292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4380.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555711204                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     750047144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43564544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          43564544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25740288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25740288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       680696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             680696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       402192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            402192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     35664540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             35664540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21072538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            21072538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     56737078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            56737078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     680696                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    402192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   680696                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  402192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              43514112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  50432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25739712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               43564544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25740288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   788                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            43559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            44544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            42811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            41165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            42064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            42419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            42130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           42642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           43386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           42677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           42923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           42510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            25803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            27007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            25875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            24416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            24449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            25141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            25060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           25436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           25362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           25086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1221509259500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               680696                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              402192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 678882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 24937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 25069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 25078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 25082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 25083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 25089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 25077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 25071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 25073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 25069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 25068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 25066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 25067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 25065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 25062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 25062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       511408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.417952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.382460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.456534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       357629     69.93%     69.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        83990     16.42%     86.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22064      4.31%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19696      3.85%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10628      2.08%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8216      1.61%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3160      0.62%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2939      0.57%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3086      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       511408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.130077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.864091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.580030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            43      0.17%      0.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        12302     49.09%     49.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6436     25.68%     74.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         3659     14.60%     89.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          910      3.63%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          463      1.85%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          421      1.68%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          393      1.57%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          164      0.65%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          121      0.48%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           65      0.26%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           26      0.10%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           15      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           11      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           10      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           11      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        25062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.047522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.044846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.304417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           24460     97.60%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              18      0.07%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             579      2.31%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        25062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12973092976                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            25721367976                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3399540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19080.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37830.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       35.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       21.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    35.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    21.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  351557                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 219126                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1128010.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1939366800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1058186250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2673746400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1307838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        222681531780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        541601339250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          851483789520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           693.262729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 895678555251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 285039558499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1944182520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1060813875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2678988000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1299460320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        223301376855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        541057615500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          851564217150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           693.328212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 895103294002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 285614805998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43392768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          43392768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25624768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25624768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       678012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             678012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       400387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            400387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     35523914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             35523914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20977967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            20977967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     56501881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            56501881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     678012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    400387                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   678012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  400387                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              43380544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  12224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25625024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               43392768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25624768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            43507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            43818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            42275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            41181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            41729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            42176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            42381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            42099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           42568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           43356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           42462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           42674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           42460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            25898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            26415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            25305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            24397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            24373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            25155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           25476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           25303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1221507689500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               678012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              400387                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 676957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       510856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.078441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.014597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.617345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       359870     70.44%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81328     15.92%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21874      4.28%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19570      3.83%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10868      2.13%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8172      1.60%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3292      0.64%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2697      0.53%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3185      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       510856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.156965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.904712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.514485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              2      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            28      0.11%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        12191     48.84%     48.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6380     25.56%     74.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         3823     15.32%     89.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          834      3.34%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          472      1.89%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          383      1.53%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          429      1.72%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          144      0.58%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          120      0.48%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           64      0.26%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           39      0.16%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           17      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           11      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            6      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            9      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.040663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.038379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.281204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24444     97.93%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              21      0.08%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             494      1.98%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12801055719                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25510199469                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3389105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18885.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37635.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       35.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       20.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    35.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    20.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  351344                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 216012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               53.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1132704.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1937696040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1057274625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2662015200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1298890080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        222663839265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        541616859000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          851458354290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           693.242020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 895748759002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 284970443748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1941778440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1059502125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2674479600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1296784080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        223534002690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        540853557750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          851581884765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           693.342596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 894788676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 285929423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43432000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          43432000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25587712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       25587712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       678625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             678625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       399808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            399808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     35556031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             35556031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20947631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            20947631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56503662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            56503662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     678625                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    399808                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   678625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  399808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              43419584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  12416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               25587584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               43432000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            25587712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            43579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            44355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            42304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            41898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            41175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            41709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            42048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            42402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            42174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           42560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           43344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           42449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           42772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           42372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            25855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            25823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            25112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            24395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            24331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            24511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            25134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            25118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           25447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           25324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1221504299000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               678625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              399808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 677511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 24828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 24934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 24944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 24938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 24939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 24937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 24931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 24928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 24926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 24925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 24925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       511179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.996344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.969396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.458869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       360346     70.49%     70.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81118     15.87%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21823      4.27%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19713      3.86%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10897      2.13%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8224      1.61%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3146      0.62%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2746      0.54%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3166      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       511179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.218977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.955467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.489159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              2      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            34      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        12129     48.66%     48.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6193     24.85%     73.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         4014     16.10%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          835      3.35%     93.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          488      1.96%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          394      1.58%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          413      1.66%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          165      0.66%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          103      0.41%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           73      0.29%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           31      0.12%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           15      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            8      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           13      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            8      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        24925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.040361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.038092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.280240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           24414     97.95%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.07%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             493      1.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        24925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12777098228                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            25497679478                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3392155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    18833.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37583.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       35.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       20.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    35.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    20.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  351660                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 215399                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                51.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               53.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1132665.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   52.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1937688480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1057270500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2667194400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1294107840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        222685284375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        541598047500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          851461373175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           693.244478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 895676973750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 285040980250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1944258120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1060855125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2673941400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1297879200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        223839686565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        540585414000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          851623814490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           693.376735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 894311749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 286406351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43534272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          43534272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25730112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25730112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       680223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             680223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       402033                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            402033                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     35639757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             35639757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21064208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            21064208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     56703965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            56703965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     680223                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    402033                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   680223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  402033                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              43520256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25729920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               43534272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25730112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            43959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            43073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            42322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            42177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            41278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            41919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            42267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            42712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            42293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           42737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           43493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           42743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           42928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           42605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            25880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            25962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            25196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            25073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            24523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            24525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            24509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            25293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            25202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           25587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           25559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           25075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           25122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1221504466500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               680223                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              402033                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 679220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 24978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 25070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 25073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 25072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 25076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 25076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 25076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 25076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 25077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 25078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 25073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 25072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 25072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 25068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 25067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 25066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       535239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.381902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.031034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   154.469440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       364227     68.05%     68.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110321     20.61%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20051      3.75%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14414      2.69%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8822      1.65%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8375      1.56%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3308      0.62%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2861      0.53%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2860      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       535239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.130296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.945154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.296653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            38      0.15%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        18560     74.04%     74.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         4794     19.13%     93.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          917      3.66%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          514      2.05%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          168      0.67%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           35      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           20      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           12      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        25066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.038857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.036669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.275189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           24573     98.03%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              12      0.05%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             481      1.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        25066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14009176977                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            26759251977                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3400020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20601.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               39351.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       35.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       21.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    35.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    21.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  320791                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 226005                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                47.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1128665.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   50.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2024409240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1104588375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2666679600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1300458240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        221888921130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        542296611750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          851503448415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           693.278735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 896371404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 284346225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2039294880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1112710500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2686897200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1305745920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         80221780080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        222826875795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        541473844500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          851667148875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           693.412017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 895391701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40788800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 285326398500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2443246259                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2153698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4368753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4284764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     119476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       303465                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4284764                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8763098                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3487258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2326960                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1365337                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1057814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     646172                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    411642                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2431406234.479945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11840024.520055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           461439                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                51892      1.19%      1.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3237034     74.09%     75.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5375      0.12%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    14494      0.33%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.05%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  646172     14.79%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 411642      9.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4368981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2439309520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  534687372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    710782642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            510376301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331108976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     474722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31582751                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   510376301                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331108976                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1073322482                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         341097557                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564027456                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276702032                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           221109029                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241861996                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    153238467                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95005440                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58233027                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              57559797.295277                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2381749722.704722                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.976403                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.023597                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34052045                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               966400      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                445257912     62.64%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   26712      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145904      0.02%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111155666     15.64%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95005440     13.37%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58233027      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 710791093                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2442739785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3732398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7237546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7131703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16107                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     147496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       565069                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7131703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16107                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           14189678                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5758524                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26147                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12733                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3916649                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2453670                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1611671                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     953669                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    658002                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2424208930.292945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18530854.707055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.007586                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.992414                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           796314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                55824      0.77%      0.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5534745     76.47%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    6814      0.09%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    16722      0.23%     77.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12036      0.17%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  953669     13.18%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 658002      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7237860                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2441744988                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12317321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     22251564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             22007929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 23781                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     452957                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1608485                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    22007929                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        23781                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           44137671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          18047488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               38124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              18491                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            12714700                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8624958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4852105                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3000321                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1851784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2391673958.456638                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              50071029.543362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.020506                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.979494                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2203483                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                70610      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 17266955     77.60%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   31316      0.14%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13111      0.06%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  17667      0.08%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3000321     13.48%     91.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1851784      8.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  22251780                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4494                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4494                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3805                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3805                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               371                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              371                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   17340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2695982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1087997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1243753                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1112490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1176488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              499998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2188500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             5839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              103180362                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.960936                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.600964                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    90800157     88.00%     88.00% |       16073      0.02%     88.02% |    12359583     11.98%    100.00% |        1195      0.00%    100.00% |        3234      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                103180362                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1897468371                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000789                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1897467190    100.00%    100.00% |        1181      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1897468371                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1897468371                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.566717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.035486                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.545181                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1897176103     99.98%     99.98% |      187368      0.01%     99.99% |       97464      0.01%    100.00% |        4684      0.00%    100.00% |        2422      0.00%    100.00% |         240      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1897468371                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1878841811                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1878841811    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1878841811                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18626560                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.730852                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.893146                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.338200                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    18334292     98.43%     98.43% |      187368      1.01%     99.44% |       97464      0.52%     99.96% |        4684      0.03%     99.99% |        2422      0.01%    100.00% |         240      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18626560                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1021182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1060224                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2807587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        37605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2845192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    157167912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9036173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166204085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    763088198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        40265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    763128463                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1568243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52765                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1621008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4886446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        45995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4932441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4731697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       125962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4857659                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     16169357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        40727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     16210084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6682031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2736503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9418534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            99                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.011187                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        76647                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31556                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50694                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11262                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7107                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       613176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6017472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       405552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       282072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       810864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       306792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        56856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.705734                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      9076438                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9080794                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9041207                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9019127                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6097350                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2915870                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     72611504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       212352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653817168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72329656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72153016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    439009200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23326960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.014408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        98760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       105456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19441                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3907                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       790080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7592832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       478408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       374000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1399752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       281304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       102752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.028607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       166689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       171703                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1       136014                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82217                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22085                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      1333512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       269472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12362616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1088112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       959904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5919624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       254160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       176680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     2.220513                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     12136090                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13725495                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13064720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9221124                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6210270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2957906                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     97088720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       640680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    988235640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    104517760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    447139440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       866232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23663248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.116469                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       680696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1082858                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       954958                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      5445568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77965776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7639664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.115992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       678012                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1078367                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       951417                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      5424096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77642424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7611336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.116019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       678625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1078401                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       953170                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      5429000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77644872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7625360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.116398                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       680223                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1082224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       954203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      5441784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77920128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7633624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.404160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     12136090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       122304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13744444                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13083092                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9221124                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6210270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2958036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     97088720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       978432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    989599968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    104664736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    447139440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       866232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23664288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36408270                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       324693                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     41233320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     66912648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     18666903                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8874492                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        291266160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2597544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2968799040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    535301184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1344017016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     70995936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014707                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31556                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007666                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        76647                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10477                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21556                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11262                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7107                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       613176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       754344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       172448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       282072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       810864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       306792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        56856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.856698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9074879                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9018436                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       212352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653391288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72147488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.554770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9076438                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5915                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22771                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9019127                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6097350                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2915870                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72611504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       425880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       182168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72153016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    439009200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23326960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019219                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38242                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6962184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009596                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        98760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8759                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21559                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19441                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3907                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       790080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       630648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       172472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       374000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1399752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       281304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       102752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033166                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       164029                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       110562                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       269472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11810088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       884496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       166689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7674                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25452                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82217                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22085                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1333512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       552528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       203616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       959904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5919624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       254160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       176680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.148230                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9418534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2731446                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2781987                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9221124                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6210270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2957906                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     75348272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196664112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     22255896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    447139440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       866232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23663248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     2.292796                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2717556                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10994049                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10282733                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21740448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       640680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    791571528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     82261864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093666                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       680696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276398                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5445568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28955520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2211184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.139272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       680698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       678560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49010256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5428480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093261                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       678012                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400355                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       275531                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5424096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28825560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2204248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.138722                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       678012                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       675886                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48816864                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5407088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093191                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       678625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276697                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5429000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28783872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2213576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.138847                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       678625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       676473                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48861000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5411784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093621                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       680223                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402001                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5441784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28944072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2208808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.139175                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       680223                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       678102                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48976056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5424816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014707                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31556                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73099                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29138                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     1.856698                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9074879                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9018436                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       212352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653391288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72147488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019219                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96697                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38242                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6962184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       305936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.033166                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33684                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       164029                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1       110562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       269472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11810088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       884496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     2.148230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      9418534                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2731446                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2781987                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9221124                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      6210270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2957906                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     75348272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196664112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     22255896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    447139440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       866232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23663248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.093666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       680696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276398                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      5445568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28955520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2211184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.093261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       678012                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       275531                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      5424096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28825560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2204248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.093191                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       678625                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276697                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      5429000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28783872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2213576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.093621                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       680223                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402001                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      5441784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28944072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2208808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      55143245                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.791577                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.337099                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    42800286     77.62%     77.62% |        5522      0.01%     77.63% |    12332981     22.37%     99.99% |        1148      0.00%     99.99% |        3189      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        55143245                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      47818702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.007452                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.214817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    47781456     99.92%     99.92% |       10551      0.02%     99.94% |       26602      0.06%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        47818702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        218415                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000165                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.018155                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      218397     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          218415                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220854387                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.866602                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.204937                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     20.572407                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220680208     99.92%     99.92% |      117703      0.05%     99.97% |       53250      0.02%    100.00% |        1986      0.00%    100.00% |        1120      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220854387                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209219602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209219602    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209219602                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11634785                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.414549                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.426163                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.310330                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11460606     98.50%     98.50% |      117703      1.01%     99.51% |       53250      0.46%     99.97% |        1986      0.02%     99.99% |        1120      0.01%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11634785                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119727783                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.576399                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.220954                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.990022                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119613025     99.90%     99.90% |       67257      0.06%     99.96% |       43363      0.04%    100.00% |        2646      0.00%    100.00% |        1282      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119727783                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113070403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113070403    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113070403                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6657380                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.318743                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.242829                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.582104                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6542622     98.28%     98.28% |       67257      1.01%     99.29% |       43363      0.65%     99.94% |        2646      0.04%     99.98% |        1282      0.02%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6657380                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555597380                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000556                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.012408                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555561533    100.00%    100.00% |       33031      0.00%    100.00% |        1207      0.00%    100.00% |         846      0.00%    100.00% |         494      0.00%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555597380                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555331577                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1555331577    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1555331577                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       265803                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.777677                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.886652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.567610                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      229956     86.51%     86.51% |       33031     12.43%     98.94% |        1207      0.45%     99.39% |         846      0.32%     99.71% |         494      0.19%     99.90% |         203      0.08%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.98% |          30      0.01%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       265803                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       630691                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.551765                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.206334                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.266367                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      626488     99.33%     99.33% |        3814      0.60%     99.94% |         154      0.02%     99.96% |         117      0.02%     99.98% |          86      0.01%     99.99% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       630691                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       596088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      596088    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       596088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        34603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.509696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.540071                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.538085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30400     87.85%     87.85% |        3814     11.02%     98.88% |         154      0.45%     99.32% |         117      0.34%     99.66% |          86      0.25%     99.91% |          26      0.08%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        34603                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.195323                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.391917                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.446229                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      326771     99.30%     99.30% |        2168      0.66%     99.96% |          46      0.01%     99.98% |          38      0.01%     99.99% |          23      0.01%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       329065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       295076                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      295076    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       295076                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33989                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.935567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.569331                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.958606                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       31695     93.25%     93.25% |        2168      6.38%     99.63% |          46      0.14%     99.76% |          38      0.11%     99.88% |          23      0.07%     99.94% |          19      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33989                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329065    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       329065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       329065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329065    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       329065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      680696     25.05%     25.05% |      678012     24.95%     50.00% |      678625     24.97%     74.97% |      680223     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2717556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      402160     25.07%     25.07% |      400355     24.96%     50.02% |      399776     24.92%     74.94% |      402001     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1604292                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      680696     25.05%     25.05% |      678012     24.95%     50.00% |      678625     24.97%     74.97% |      680223     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2717556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      402192     25.07%     25.07% |      400387     24.96%     50.02% |      399808     24.92%     74.94% |      402033     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1604420                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      276398     25.02%     25.02% |      275531     24.94%     49.96% |      276697     25.05%     75.01% |      276101     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1104727                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      680696     25.05%     25.05% |      678012     24.95%     50.00% |      678625     24.97%     74.97% |      680223     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2717556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      402158     25.07%     25.07% |      400355     24.96%     50.02% |      399776     24.92%     74.94% |      402001     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1604290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      276398     25.02%     25.02% |      275531     24.94%     49.96% |      276697     25.05%     75.01% |      276101     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1104727                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      680696     25.05%     25.05% |      678012     24.95%     50.00% |      678625     24.97%     74.97% |      680223     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2717556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      402158     25.07%     25.07% |      400355     24.96%     50.02% |      399776     24.92%     74.94% |      402001     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1604290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      604815      0.54%      0.54% |   107737546     96.20%     96.74% |      915384      0.82%     97.56% |     2734042      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    111991787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2845192      0.36%      0.36% |   763128463     96.95%     97.31% |     4932441      0.63%     97.94% |    16210084      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    787116180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      455409      0.74%      0.74% |    58466539     94.68%     95.42% |      705624      1.14%     96.56% |     2123617      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61751189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       25817     24.98%     24.98% |       23104     22.35%     47.33% |       25466     24.64%     71.96% |       28982     28.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       103369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       54265      0.58%      0.58% |     9063304     97.00%     97.59% |       78289      0.84%     98.42% |      147275      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9343133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1001     19.84%     19.84% |         965     19.13%     38.97% |        1349     26.74%     65.71% |        1730     34.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        4738     34.11%     34.11% |        2475     17.82%     51.93% |        3705     26.67%     78.60% |        2972     21.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        13890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          83      5.89%      5.89% |         488     34.63%     40.53% |         635     45.07%     85.59% |         203     14.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       15294      0.26%      0.26% |     5700268     97.99%     98.25% |       26654      0.46%     98.71% |       75216      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5817432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3881     27.94%     27.94% |        1424     10.25%     38.19% |        3117     22.44%     60.63% |        5468     39.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        13890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       53841      1.51%      1.51% |     3372699     94.32%     95.82% |       66291      1.85%     97.67% |       83142      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3575973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        7138     42.08%     42.08% |        3169     18.68%     60.76% |        3259     19.21%     79.97% |        3397     20.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3631     32.31%     32.31% |        2047     18.21%     50.52% |        2698     24.01%     74.53% |        2863     25.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        11239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       18369      0.20%      0.20% |     9013220     98.31%     98.51% |       32285      0.35%     98.86% |      104302      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9168176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       18636      0.32%      0.32% |     5717421     97.78%     98.10% |       29814      0.51%     98.61% |       81131      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5847002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       27021     21.32%     21.32% |       30375     23.96%     45.28% |       36949     29.15%     74.43% |       32407     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       126752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        9163      0.27%      0.27% |     3315508     98.38%     98.65% |       11688      0.35%     99.00% |       33737      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      3370096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3222     13.52%     13.52% |        8864     37.19%     50.70% |        3778     15.85%     66.55% |        7972     33.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        23836                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        4322     25.22%     25.22% |        1317      7.68%     32.90% |        5972     34.85%     67.75% |        5527     32.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        17138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       10584     27.97%     27.97% |        9890     26.14%     54.11% |        9046     23.91%     78.01% |        8320     21.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        37840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3373     34.16%     34.16% |         368      3.73%     37.89% |        3227     32.69%     70.58% |        2905     29.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         9873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5461     28.47%     28.47% |        3374     17.59%     46.06% |        4646     24.22%     70.29% |        5699     29.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        19180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       91456     14.13%     14.13% |      174457     26.95%     41.08% |      122081     18.86%     59.94% |      259303     40.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       647297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2807587      0.36%      0.36% |   763088198     96.97%     97.32% |     4886446      0.62%     97.95% |    16169357      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    786951588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3548     36.08%     36.08% |        1559     15.85%     51.94% |        2064     20.99%     72.93% |        2662     27.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       16019     26.87%     26.87% |       12915     21.66%     48.53% |       15617     26.19%     74.73% |       15068     25.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        59619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       30435     19.54%     19.54% |       46710     29.99%     49.52% |       41358     26.55%     76.07% |       37274     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       155777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      106223      0.23%      0.23% |    46184373     98.59%     98.81% |      208887      0.45%     99.26% |      346968      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     46846451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        3593      0.13%      0.13% |     2782519     97.83%     97.96% |        8741      0.31%     98.27% |       49319      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2844172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2315     29.38%     29.38% |         992     12.59%     41.97% |        2163     27.45%     69.42% |        2410     30.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         7880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        7107      0.24%      0.24% |     2915870     98.58%     98.82% |       12844      0.43%     99.25% |       22085      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2957906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         352     18.56%     18.56% |         102      5.38%     23.93% |         718     37.85%     61.78% |         725     38.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1466     27.79%     27.79% |         690     13.08%     40.87% |        2198     41.67%     82.54% |         921     17.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         5275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      384178      0.66%      0.66% |    55659978     94.93%     95.58% |      548630      0.94%     96.52% |     2041113      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     58633899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      435732      0.78%      0.78% |    52366585     94.32%     95.11% |      679904      1.22%     96.33% |     2034994      3.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     55517215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4261     35.42%     35.42% |         333      2.77%     38.18% |        3907     32.47%     70.66% |        3530     29.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        12031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       11262      0.18%      0.18% |     6097350     98.18%     98.36% |       19441      0.31%     98.68% |       82217      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      6210270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         649     20.62%     20.62% |         863     27.41%     48.03% |         631     20.04%     68.07% |        1005     31.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         3148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3272     37.98%     37.98% |        1785     20.72%     58.70% |        1507     17.49%     76.19% |        2051     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         8615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       15294      0.26%      0.26% |     5700268     97.99%     98.25% |       26654      0.46%     98.71% |       75216      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5817432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3881     27.94%     27.94% |        1424     10.25%     38.19% |        3117     22.44%     60.63% |        5468     39.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        13890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       41388     20.97%     20.97% |       57311     29.03%     50.00% |       52010     26.35%     76.34% |       46701     23.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       197410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          83      5.89%      5.89% |         488     34.63%     40.53% |         635     45.07%     85.59% |         203     14.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       12453      0.37%      0.37% |     3315388     98.13%     98.50% |       14281      0.42%     98.92% |       36441      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3378563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7138     42.08%     42.08% |        3169     18.68%     60.76% |        3259     19.21%     79.97% |        3397     20.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3631     32.31%     32.31% |        2047     18.21%     50.52% |        2698     24.01%     74.53% |        2863     25.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        11239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       18369      0.20%      0.20% |     9013220     98.31%     98.51% |       32285      0.35%     98.86% |      104302      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9168176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       164595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5864507      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3379976      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         9833      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9168176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1593115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1115902      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2717556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2709019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          20646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         5275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              35086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          37880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          13890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9207234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        29608      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1633768      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1054180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       134967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        32794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         9830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        29187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4183676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2319338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1591106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1068002      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        13890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         5045      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9168176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        18713      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2709019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        11175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         7538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          34154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        29187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            932      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1633756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        29620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1054180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11239      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9195995      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         8604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         5262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        13866      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
