
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.967158                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2967157909500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56117758724001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 125567                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   210440                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242985317                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1881408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12211.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1533331405                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2569743958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5071616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           5071616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       639296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         639296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        79244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              79244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         9989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              9989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1709250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1709250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       215457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              215457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1924708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1924708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      79244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      9989                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    79244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    9989                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               5028928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  42688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 635008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                5071616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              639296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   667                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             8699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             7679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             7765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             7050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            6238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            7813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            7345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2967157910000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                79244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                9989                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  78073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        26648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.548784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.041157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   295.778409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        16042     60.20%     60.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5211     19.55%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1341      5.03%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          574      2.15%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          275      1.03%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          308      1.16%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          192      0.72%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          148      0.56%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2557      9.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        26648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    133.210793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1019.406966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          590     99.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.731872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.677171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.439294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             442     74.54%     74.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.67%     75.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              72     12.14%     87.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              37      6.24%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              30      5.06%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.84%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.17%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.17%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   584595997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2057914747                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 392885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7439.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26189.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   57499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   4352                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  33251800.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               109990440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                60014625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              341749200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              30721680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        194056833360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         82908382995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1709924541000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1987432233300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.924658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2842530848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99080020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25547294500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               112296240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                61272750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              336694800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              33793200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        194056833360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         82473433380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1710306075750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1987380399480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.907212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2843712126750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99080020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24368644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       609088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         609088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        77571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              77571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         9517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1673165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1673165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       205277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              205277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1878441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1878441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      77571                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      9517                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    77571                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    9517                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4934528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  30016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 606720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4964544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              609088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   469                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   44                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             8601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             7564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             6826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            6211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            7830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            7719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            7172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2967157673500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                77571                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                9517                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  76621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        25234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.599588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.668123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   302.556358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15024     59.54%     59.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4864     19.28%     78.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1288      5.10%     83.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          557      2.21%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          297      1.18%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          294      1.17%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          179      0.71%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          159      0.63%     89.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2572     10.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        25234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    137.192920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1043.751377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          562     99.47%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.18%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.778761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.720283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.479976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             416     73.63%     73.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.71%     74.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              69     12.21%     86.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              34      6.02%     92.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              30      5.31%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.88%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.71%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               3      0.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   550941749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1996604249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 385510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7145.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25895.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   56946                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               46.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  34070798.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               103927320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                56706375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              334822800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              29302560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        194056833360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         82495536840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1710286686750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1987363816005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.901631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2843150737750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99080020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24927402250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               107563680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                58690500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              331921200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              32335200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        194056833360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         82378182105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1710389629500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1987355155545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.898716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2843836129500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99080020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24244641750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5931203223                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48149503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     84897849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74390801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1291138                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6363858                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74390801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          152474071                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          55474473                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57448181                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23278175                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20175607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13632067                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6543540                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5750708169.823518                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              180495053.176482                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030431                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969569                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8625777                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               203528      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55464536     65.33%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  243942      0.29%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   836224      0.98%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.32%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13632067     16.06%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6543540      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  84897897                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5935617583                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  747445963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1240999428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            943738676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             480023020                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17087712                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     84407160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   943738676                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    480023020                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1986454542                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         636164670                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           764630845                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          392635481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           707253799                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          271439017                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    311917928                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  231896077                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  80021851                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3023704620.762554                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2911912962.237446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.490583                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.509417                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        113319976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1555630      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                716205209     57.71%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2111670      0.17%     58.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8194492      0.66%     58.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              200598809     16.16%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415814      0.03%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               231896077     18.69%     93.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               80021851      6.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1240999552                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5932751729                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2688694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5685291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5574849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     148444                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       464137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5574849                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11028771                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4586417                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3493295                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1785069                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1255894                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     786885                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    469009                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5921618317.221903                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11133411.778097                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001877                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998123                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           658311                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                85722      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4302378     75.68%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12396      0.22%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28806      0.51%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  786885     13.84%     91.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 469009      8.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5685316                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5939277783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  733472137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1235229130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            947209189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             465926058                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17480422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82172724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   947209189                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    465926058                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2022098943                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         650845256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738127294                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          382905660                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           692509080                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          260686695                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316106588                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235001983                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81104605                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3067015948.571093                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2872261834.428907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.483605                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.516395                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111364470                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1819092      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                714088695     57.81%     57.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2402065      0.19%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10639103      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189579217     15.35%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594466      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235001983     19.02%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81104605      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1235229226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4528                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4528                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3701000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1987964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2099113                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1989476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2085626                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              168907                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1876500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               51312342                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.131697                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.016984                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    50469632     98.36%     98.36% |        3000      0.01%     98.36% |      839417      1.64%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 51312342                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2881823990                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000261                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2881823793    100.00%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2881823990                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2881823990                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.072302                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012284                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.287212                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2881789526    100.00%    100.00% |       32397      0.00%    100.00% |         615      0.00%    100.00% |         707      0.00%    100.00% |         549      0.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2881823990                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2869517692                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2869517692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2869517692                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12306298                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.931219                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.445203                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.127465                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    12271834     99.72%     99.72% |       32397      0.26%     99.98% |         615      0.00%     99.99% |         707      0.01%     99.99% |         549      0.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12306298                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20100691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        75651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20176342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     67905953                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       129405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     68035358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    312993761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4401500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    317395261                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1083874128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1809181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1085683309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1227360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1255458                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3455770                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        36991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3492761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    315889605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5083548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    320973153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1064070424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       741924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1064812348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12217366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        88932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12306298                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.010464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       205056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21999                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        92640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68867                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        12311                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        43045                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1640448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       175992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15495552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       741120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       550936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       886392                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       344360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.325751                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      6210681                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16966                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6215602                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3972084                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3960802                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       408660                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          466                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3541322                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     49685448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    447523344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31776672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31686416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     29423520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28330576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003606                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        65089                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23357                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73957                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31591                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21131                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4668                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          554                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2121                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       520712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       186856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5324904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       169048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       336096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        39888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        16968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.319454                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0      5825472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15773                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5830539                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4803930                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4791593                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       391699                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4391120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0     46603776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    419798808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38431440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38332744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     28202328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35128960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.660741                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     12371186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51932                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12368853                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8907851                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8842393                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       817338                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7977608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     98969488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       415456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    890557416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71262808                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     70739144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     58848336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       121896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63820864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.003867                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0        33180                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        88163                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41979                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47818                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0       265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6347736                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.003765                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0        31708                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        85961                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39387                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47559                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0       253664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6189192                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       315096                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.003921                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92497                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95377                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659784                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.147964                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     12371186                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        78095                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12485394                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8944731                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8842393                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       817338                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8072985                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     98969488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       624760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    898948368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71557848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     70739144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     58848336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       121896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64583880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        37113558                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       208122                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     37456182                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     53361372                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2457093                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24227595                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        296908464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1664976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2696845104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    426890976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    176910696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    193820760                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015886                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21999                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       198160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        80035                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       175992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14267520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       640280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005041                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       205056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12605                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68867                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        12311                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        43045                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1640448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1228032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       100840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       550936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       886392                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       344360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.504198                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16966                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6207139                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3960221                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    446914008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31681768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.147304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      6210681                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8463                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11863                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3960802                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       408660                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          466                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3541322                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     49685448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       609336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        94904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31686416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     29423520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28330576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005063                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23357                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        62511                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14922                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       186856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4500792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       119376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002149                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        65089                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11446                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16669                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21131                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4668                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          554                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2121                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       520712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       133352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       169048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       336096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        39888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        16968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.482030                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15773                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5822427                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4792709                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    419214744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38341672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156878                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5825472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11221                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4791593                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       391699                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4391120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     46603776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       584064                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        89768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38332744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     28202328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35128960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.314575                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     12306298                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        85921                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8842393                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       817338                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7977608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     98450384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6186312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       518976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     70739144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     58848336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       121896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63820864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.006908                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        64888                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51932                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12282932                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8842979                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       519104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       415456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    884371104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     70743832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001474                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        33180                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8605                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16502                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47818                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       619560                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       132016                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006260                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        79558                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25477                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5728176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       203816                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001415                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31708                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8134                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15470                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47559                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       253664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       585648                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123760                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006115                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77827                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23917                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5603544                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       191336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007038                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92497                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659784                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000804                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95377                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015886                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21999                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       198160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        80035                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       175992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14267520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       640280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.504198                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16966                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6207139                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3960221                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    446914008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31681768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005063                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23357                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        62511                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14922                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       186856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4500792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       119376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.482030                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15773                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5822427                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4792709                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    419214744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38341672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.314575                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     12306298                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        85921                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8842393                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       817338                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7977608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     98450384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6186312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       518976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     70739144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     58848336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       121896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63820864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001474                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        33180                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8605                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16502                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47818                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       619560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       132016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.001415                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        31708                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8134                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15470                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47559                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       253664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       585648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.007038                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92497                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      29943637                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.218734                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.305169                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    29125418     97.27%     97.27% |         483      0.00%     97.27% |      817462      2.73%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        29943637                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      21290610                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.009768                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.266968                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    21256637     99.84%     99.84% |        9482      0.04%     99.88% |        1115      0.01%     99.89% |        1402      0.01%     99.90% |       21842      0.10%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        21290610                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         78095                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000230                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.021469                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       78086     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           78095                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489452442                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.311445                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.053698                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.685540                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489423672     99.99%     99.99% |       27144      0.01%    100.00% |         508      0.00%    100.00% |         560      0.00%    100.00% |         422      0.00%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489452442                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    480513518                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   480513518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    480513518                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8938924                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.053232                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.531875                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.459426                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8910154     99.68%     99.68% |       27144      0.30%     99.98% |         508      0.01%     99.99% |         560      0.01%     99.99% |         422      0.00%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8938924                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167332754                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.067356                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.010859                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.483717                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167330140    100.00%    100.00% |        2335      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167332754                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166703918                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166703918    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    166703918                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       628836                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.923350                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.709824                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.302023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      626222     99.58%     99.58% |        2335      0.37%     99.96% |          62      0.01%     99.97% |         100      0.02%     99.98% |          74      0.01%     99.99% |          39      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       628836                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222023776                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.019884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.609214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2222020965    100.00%    100.00% |        2658      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2222023776                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2219306275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2219306275    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2219306275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2717501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.258189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.075522                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.282266                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2714690     99.90%     99.90% |        2658      0.10%     99.99% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2717501                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1411772                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.199340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029524                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.553290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1411648     99.99%     99.99% |         119      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1411772                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1398108                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1398108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1398108                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.595872                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.211898                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.922000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13540     99.09%     99.09% |         119      0.87%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.235974                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.263360                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      801478     99.98%     99.98% |         141      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       801623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       794250                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      794250    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       794250                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7373                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.656042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.241799                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.488858                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7228     98.03%     98.03% |         141      1.91%     99.95% |           2      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7373                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       801623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       801623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       801623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       33180     51.13%     51.13% |       31708     48.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        64888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        8605     51.41%     51.41% |        8134     48.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        16739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       79244     50.53%     50.53% |       77571     49.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       156815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        9989     51.21%     51.21% |        9517     48.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        19506                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       46378     50.14%     50.14% |       46119     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       16502     51.61%     51.61% |       15470     48.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        31972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       33180     51.13%     51.13% |       31708     48.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        64888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       46064     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1384     50.02%     50.02% |        1383     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2767                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       46064     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1384     50.02%     50.02% |        1383     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2767                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        8235     51.29%     51.29% |        7821     48.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        16056                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         314     55.09%     55.09% |         256     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          56     49.56%     49.56% |          57     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       16502     51.61%     51.61% |       15470     48.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        31972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       33180     51.13%     51.13% |       31708     48.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        64888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        8235     51.29%     51.29% |        7821     48.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        16056                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         314     55.09%     55.09% |         256     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         314     55.09%     55.09% |         256     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          56     49.56%     49.56% |          57     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          56     49.56%     49.56% |          57     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          113                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13480302      2.75%      2.75% |   236323902     48.28%     51.04% |      731274      0.15%     51.19% |   238916964     48.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    489452442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68035358      3.06%      3.06% |  1085683309     48.86%     51.92% |     3492761      0.16%     52.08% |  1064812348     47.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2222023776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6696040      3.93%      3.93% |    81071359     47.59%     51.52% |      524184      0.31%     51.83% |    82056189     48.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170347772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13102     24.24%     24.24% |       12329     22.81%     47.05% |       17223     31.86%     78.91% |       11397     21.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        54051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      195740      1.60%      1.60% |     6202272     50.54%     52.14% |       56000      0.46%     52.59% |     5817996     47.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12272008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         738     24.51%     24.51% |         811     26.93%     51.44% |         822     27.30%     78.74% |         640     21.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8159     38.79%     38.79% |        3826     18.19%     56.98% |        5312     25.26%     82.24% |        3736     17.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        21033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         643     23.15%     23.15% |         576     20.73%     43.88% |         968     34.85%     78.73% |         591     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       48099      0.59%      0.59% |     3634963     44.48%     45.07% |        6400      0.08%     45.15% |     4482025     54.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      8171487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4181     19.88%     19.88% |        5437     25.85%     45.73% |        8047     38.26%     83.99% |        3368     16.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        21033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      145237      3.55%      3.55% |     2566163     62.67%     66.21% |       47096      1.15%     67.36% |     1336443     32.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4094939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17140     50.26%     50.26% |        6121     17.95%     68.21% |        4587     13.45%     81.66% |        6254     18.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        34102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7539     40.02%     40.02% |        4118     21.86%     61.88% |        3546     18.82%     80.70% |        3636     19.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       55356      0.63%      0.63% |     3949982     44.91%     45.54% |        6789      0.08%     45.62% |     4782819     54.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8794946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       57383      0.64%      0.64% |     4077048     45.69%     46.33% |       15529      0.17%     46.50% |     4774051     53.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      8924011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      129169      4.75%      4.75% |     1808959     66.59%     71.35% |       36777      1.35%     72.70% |      741650     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      2716555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        9188      1.45%      1.45% |      316456     50.06%     51.51% |        3694      0.58%     52.09% |      302866     47.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       632204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6326     29.92%     29.92% |        4154     19.65%     49.57% |        6354     30.05%     79.62% |        4308     20.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        21142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1681     11.27%     11.27% |        4050     27.16%     38.43% |        5885     39.46%     77.89% |        3297     22.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        14913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         236     24.95%     24.95% |         222     23.47%     48.41% |         214     22.62%     71.04% |         274     28.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         503     31.30%     31.30% |         403     25.08%     56.38% |         412     25.64%     82.02% |         289     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         1607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4870     27.06%     27.06% |        4310     23.95%     51.01% |        4764     26.47%     77.48% |        4053     22.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        17997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      145300      0.21%      0.21% |    39108333     57.81%     58.03% |      159214      0.24%     58.26% |    28235382     41.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     67648229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    67905953      3.06%      3.06% |  1083874128     48.84%     51.90% |     3455770      0.16%     52.05% |  1064070424     47.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2219306275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6896     42.93%     42.93% |        3543     22.06%     64.99% |        2578     16.05%     81.04% |        3045     18.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        16062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        6086     19.88%     19.88% |        7597     24.82%     44.71% |       10106     33.02%     77.73% |        6817     22.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        30606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      135514      3.92%      3.92% |     2247980     64.99%     68.91% |       44447      1.28%     70.19% |     1031124     29.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3459065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5649254      2.70%      2.70% |    96741776     46.17%     48.87% |       68670      0.03%     48.90% |   107063999     51.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    209523699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2755      1.48%      1.48% |       92446     49.75%     51.23% |        1518      0.82%     52.05% |       89116     47.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       185835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         193     31.69%     31.69% |         111     18.23%     49.92% |         209     34.32%     84.24% |          96     15.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       43045      0.54%      0.54% |     3541322     44.39%     44.93% |        2121      0.03%     44.96% |     4391120     55.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      7977608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         309     33.12%     33.12% |         166     17.79%     50.91% |         337     36.12%     87.03% |         121     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1688     26.31%     26.31% |         922     14.37%     40.69% |        2658     41.43%     82.12% |        1147     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     7626684      3.75%      3.75% |    96392695     47.40%     51.15% |      481976      0.24%     51.39% |    98840235     48.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    203341590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6676698      3.94%      3.94% |    80658511     47.58%     51.52% |      515982      0.30%     51.83% |    81660873     48.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    169512064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         497     29.36%     29.36% |         466     27.53%     56.88% |         554     32.72%     89.60% |         176     10.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       12311      1.51%      1.51% |      408660     50.00%     51.51% |        4668      0.57%     52.08% |      391699     47.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       817338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         429     20.64%     20.64% |         645     31.04%     51.68% |         485     23.34%     75.02% |         519     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        6471     44.27%     44.27% |        2904     19.87%     64.13% |        2654     18.16%     82.29% |        2589     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        14618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       48099      0.59%      0.59% |     3634963     44.48%     45.07% |        6400      0.08%     45.15% |     4482025     54.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8171487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4181     19.88%     19.88% |        5437     25.85%     45.73% |        8047     38.26%     83.99% |        3368     16.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        21033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      136189      3.93%      3.93% |     2249879     64.95%     68.88% |       43958      1.27%     70.15% |     1033879     29.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      3463905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         643     23.15%     23.15% |         576     20.73%     43.88% |         968     34.85%     78.73% |         591     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        9048      1.43%      1.43% |      316284     50.12%     51.56% |        3138      0.50%     52.05% |      302564     47.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       631034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       17140     50.26%     50.26% |        6121     17.95%     68.21% |        4587     13.45%     81.66% |        6254     18.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        34102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7539     40.02%     40.02% |        4118     21.86%     61.88% |        3546     18.82%     80.70% |        3636     19.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       55356      0.63%      0.63% |     3949982     44.91%     45.54% |        6789      0.08%     45.62% |     4782819     54.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8794946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      2717501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        8938950      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         633812      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8794946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        15393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        32635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         64888      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          48711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16311      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         6415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               8122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          21033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8821360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         5780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        49416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         9692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      2711712      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       746404      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         6038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8122071      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       618331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        14017      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        25350      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        21033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8794946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        48711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1030      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           7268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         6038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            854      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          709      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        49416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         5780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         9692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8802521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        14611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         6414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        21025      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.996430                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2996430468000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56147031282501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 125424                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   210485                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242853454                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2098496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12338.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547537728                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597056776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7665024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           7665024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1416384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1416384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       119766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             119766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        22131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             22131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2558052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2558052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       472690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              472690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3030742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3030742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     119766                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     22131                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   119766                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   22131                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               7618944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  46080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1412096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                7665024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1416384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   720                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            11943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            10018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            10452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             9161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             5226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            9329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           10581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            1893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2996426290500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               119766                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               22131                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 117847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        43222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.946925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.195073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   280.709437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24955     57.74%     57.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9095     21.04%     78.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2497      5.78%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1230      2.85%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          706      1.63%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          603      1.40%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          426      0.99%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          321      0.74%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3389      7.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        43222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     88.754829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   678.240094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1343     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.392273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.361717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.071038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1148     85.29%     85.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               9      0.67%     85.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             112      8.32%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              37      2.75%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              31      2.30%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.45%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.07%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   996949723                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3229062223                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 595230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8374.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27124.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   87470                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  10418                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  21116910.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               168353640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                91859625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              490612200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              63290160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        195968510400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         89247154635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1721925323250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2007955103910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.239435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2862452209250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100057360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33916431000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               179232480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                97795500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              503490000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              79904880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        195968510400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         89774628075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1721462627250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2008066188585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.276458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2862223457250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100057360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34149031000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7536320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           7536320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1371392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1371392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       117755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             117755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        21428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             21428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2515099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2515099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       457675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              457675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2972774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2972774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     117755                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     21428                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   117755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   21428                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               7503296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  33024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1368000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                7536320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1371392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   44                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             9940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            10223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             8931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             5082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            9257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           10584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            9861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            1699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2996429318500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               117755                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               21428                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 116092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        41469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.927512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   123.257787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   285.435021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23689     57.12%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8659     20.88%     78.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2489      6.00%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1200      2.89%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          685      1.65%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          597      1.44%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          401      0.97%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          339      0.82%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3410      8.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        41469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     90.270146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   688.982704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1300     99.77%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.404451                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.372514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.090334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1111     85.26%     85.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               6      0.46%     85.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             108      8.29%     94.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              35      2.69%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              31      2.38%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.38%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.31%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               3      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   958632725                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3156863975                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 586195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8176.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26926.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   86750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  10395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               48.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  21528701.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               160566840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                87610875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              481821600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              60847200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        195968510400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         88874747415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1722251996250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2007886100580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.216436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2863016640502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100057360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33355804498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               173660760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                94755375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              497983200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              77870160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        195968510400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         89665041870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1721558755500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2008036577265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.266589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2862369020750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100057360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34003588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5993200431                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50980284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     90235502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             79672965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1392720                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6784745                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    79672965                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          162899738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          59691553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60256671                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25153103                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21350219                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14308749                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7041470                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5799437622.023222                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              193762808.976778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032330                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967670                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9217167                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               225294      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59587083     66.03%     66.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  247021      0.27%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   840107      0.93%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.79%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14308749     15.86%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7041470      7.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  90235860                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5993090967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  756504376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1258514310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            960104298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             481368818                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17391551                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85575767                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   960104298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    481368818                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2019433931                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         649099272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           766790204                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          393787367                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           716211025                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          276803595                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    315937367                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  234215064                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  81722303                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3039370842.279794                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2953720124.720206                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.492854                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.507146                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        114935540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1637310      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                728589896     57.89%     58.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2116581      0.17%     58.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8195482      0.65%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              201622147     16.02%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415814      0.03%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               234215064     18.61%     93.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               81722303      6.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1258514613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5992860936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4125189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8417249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8253960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     216514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       654279                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8253960                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           16503903                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6758460                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4853941                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2730150                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1904794                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1190093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    714701                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5974475969.048006                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18384966.951994                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003068                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996932                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           937844                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               101930      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6363840     75.60%     76.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13804      0.16%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30649      0.36%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1190093     14.14%     91.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 714701      8.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8417479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5993961973                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  734352771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1236957455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            948905499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             465933966                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17528451                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82292774                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   948905499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    465933966                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2025545869                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         652199620                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738140168                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          382911944                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           693374659                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          261224582                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316535812                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235263840                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81271972                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3118721143.078726                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2875240829.921273                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.479690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.520310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111550309                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1832065      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                715367219     57.83%     57.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2403335      0.19%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10639623      0.86%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189585153     15.33%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594466      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235263840     19.02%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81271972      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1236957705                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8028                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                8028                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9563                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9563                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        13960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          387                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    47678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3780500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7141483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2929455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3069602                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2910472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3036121                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1467905                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy            11247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             8199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3966500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              103707342                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.135881                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.033329                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   101952126     98.31%     98.31% |        8525      0.01%     98.32% |     1744945      1.68%    100.00% |         478      0.00%    100.00% |        1147      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                103707342                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5789511676                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000440                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5789510554    100.00%    100.00% |        1122      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5789511676                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5789511676                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.074270                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012370                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.405246                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5789504954    100.00%    100.00% |        4097      0.00%    100.00% |        2559      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5789511676                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5764676074                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5764676074    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5764676074                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24835602                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.313367                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.565578                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.722656                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    24828880     99.97%     99.97% |        4097      0.02%     99.99% |        2559      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     24835602                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     21245209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       114666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21359875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     71621595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       155991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     71777586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316943923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4476991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321420914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1096655067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1828868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1098483935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1852225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1904927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5316591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        48562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5365153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316304262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5100790                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321405052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1065219510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       750734                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1065970244                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12345839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       183465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12529304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            70                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.014288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       270657                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       282931                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       132878                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104729                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30799                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          828                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55595                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2165256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       242176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20371032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1063024                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       837832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2217528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        59616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       444760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.328489                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      6305859                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32027                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6316444                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4051471                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4033800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       431481                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3583425                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     50446872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    454783968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32411768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32270400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     31066632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28667400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.005880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0       101264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32014                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56495                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        44353                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14692                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          929                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8702                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       810112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8209152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       451960                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       354824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1057824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        66888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        69616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.318038                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0      5851524                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25915                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5860220                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4824602                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4807726                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       398287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4396367                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0     46812192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       207320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    421935840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38596816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38461808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     28676664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        44568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35170936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.671844                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     12674898                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83949                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12684136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9195555                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8990608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       875259                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2994                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8044089                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0    101399184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       671592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    913257792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     73564440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71924864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     63018648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64352712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.006261                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0        73702                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       140765                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       110909                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47884                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0       589616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10135080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       887272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       383072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.006136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0        71892                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       137992                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       107858                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47623                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0       575136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9935424                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       862864                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.003884                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92499                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95507                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659928                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.150552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     12674898                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       120228                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12814506                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9239884                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8990608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       875259                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2994                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8139596                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0    101399184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       961824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    922644432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     73919072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71924864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     63018648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65116768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        38024694                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       324405                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     38443509                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     54691476                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2634759                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24427812                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        304197552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2595240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2767932648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    437531808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    189702648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    195422496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       262212                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114710                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       242176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18879264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       917680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007678                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       270657                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20719                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104729                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30799                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          828                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55595                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2165256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1491768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       145344                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       837832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2217528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        59616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       444760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.506958                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32027                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6300074                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4029895                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    453605328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32239160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.150019                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      6305859                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16370                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4033800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       431481                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3583425                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     50446872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1178640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       172608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32270400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     31066632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28667400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007844                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32014                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        97004                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35059                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6984288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003917                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       101264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17012                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21436                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        44353                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14692                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          929                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8702                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       810112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1224864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       171488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       354824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1057824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        66888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        69616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.479411                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25915                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5847617                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4806410                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       207320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    421028424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38451280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156665                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5851524                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12603                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4807726                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       398287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4396367                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     46812192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       907416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       145536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38461808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     28676664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        44568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35170936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.327083                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     12529304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       174436                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165101                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8990608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       875259                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2994                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8044089                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    100234432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12559392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1320808                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71924864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     63018648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64352712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.016604                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       145594                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83949                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12509700                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9030454                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1164752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       671592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    900698400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72243632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002942                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        73702                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20683                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44927                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47884                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       589616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1489176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       359416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       383072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009580                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       120082                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65982                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8645904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       527856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002863                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        71892                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19981                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43782                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47623                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       575136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1438632                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       350256                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009409                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       118011                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64076                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8496792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       512608                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92499                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659928                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000797                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95507                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020899                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       262212                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114710                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       242176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18879264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       917680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.506958                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32027                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6300074                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4029895                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    453605328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32239160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007844                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32014                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        97004                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35059                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6984288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.479411                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25915                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5847617                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4806410                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       207320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    421028424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38451280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.327083                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     12529304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       174436                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165101                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8990608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       875259                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2994                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8044089                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    100234432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12559392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1320808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71924864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     63018648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64352712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.002942                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        73702                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20683                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44927                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47884                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       589616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1489176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       359416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       383072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002863                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        71892                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19981                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43782                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47623                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       575136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1438632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       350256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.006971                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92499                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      60382897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.225028                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.324448                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    58686994     97.19%     97.19% |        1874      0.00%     97.19% |     1692364      2.80%    100.00% |         435      0.00%    100.00% |        1109      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        60382897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      43126122                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.011686                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.291529                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    43043121     99.81%     99.81% |       23688      0.05%     99.86% |        2917      0.01%     99.87% |        3734      0.01%     99.88% |       52218      0.12%    100.00% |         363      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        43126122                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        198323                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000192                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.019575                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      198304     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          198323                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982428376                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.318601                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.053954                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.907591                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982423371    100.00%    100.00% |        3078      0.00%    100.00% |        1877      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982428376                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    964441876                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   964441876    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    964441876                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17986500                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.402111                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.641510                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.824812                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    17981495     99.97%     99.97% |        3078      0.02%     99.99% |        1877      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17986500                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337230700                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.074541                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011204                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.813926                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337221605    100.00%    100.00% |        8031      0.00%    100.00% |         266      0.00%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337230700                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335935844                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335935844    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    335935844                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1294856                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.413470                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.204063                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.942966                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1285761     99.30%     99.30% |        8031      0.62%     99.92% |         266      0.02%     99.94% |         373      0.03%     99.97% |         274      0.02%     99.99% |         137      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1294856                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4463620694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.020287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.648876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4463610759    100.00%    100.00% |        9341      0.00%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4463620694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4458119038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4458119038    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4458119038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5501656                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.459355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.133709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.427538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5491721     99.82%     99.82% |        9341      0.17%     99.99% |         176      0.00%     99.99% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5501656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2942972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.230085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.032710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.944691                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2942550     99.99%     99.99% |         408      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2942972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2911779                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2911779    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2911779                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.707851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.835466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.758434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30771     98.65%     98.65% |         408      1.31%     99.96% |           5      0.02%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        31193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644467                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.374803                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.042939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.977255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1643830     99.96%     99.96% |         592      0.04%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644467                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1623070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1623070    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1623070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.805487                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.309376                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.939716                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       20760     97.02%     97.02% |         592      2.77%     99.79% |          13      0.06%     99.85% |          12      0.06%     99.91% |          14      0.07%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644467                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644467    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644467                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644467                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644467    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1644467                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73702     50.62%     50.62% |       71892     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       145594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       20683     50.86%     50.86% |       19981     49.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        40664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      119766     50.42%     50.42% |      117755     49.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       237521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       22131     50.81%     50.81% |       21428     49.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        43559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       46380     50.14%     50.14% |       46119     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       44927     50.65%     50.65% |       43782     49.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        88709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73702     50.62%     50.62% |       71892     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       145594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       46064     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1448     50.02%     50.02% |        1447     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       46064     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1448     50.02%     50.02% |        1447     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       20311     50.80%     50.80% |       19668     49.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        39979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         316     55.24%     55.24% |         256     44.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          56     49.56%     49.56% |          57     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       44927     50.65%     50.65% |       43782     49.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        88709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73702     50.62%     50.62% |       71892     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       145594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       20311     50.80%     50.80% |       19668     49.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        39979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         316     55.24%     55.24% |         256     44.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         316     55.24%     55.24% |         256     44.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          56     49.56%     49.56% |          57     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          56     49.56%     49.56% |          57     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          113                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    14136990      2.87%      2.87% |   238559512     48.39%     51.26% |     1113429      0.23%     51.49% |   239166003     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    492975934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    71777587      3.20%      3.20% |  1098483935     49.00%     52.21% |     5365153      0.24%     52.45% |  1065970244     47.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241596919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7222885      4.17%      4.17% |    82861402     47.86%     52.04% |      791498      0.46%     52.49% |    82239049     47.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173114834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18996     23.06%     23.06% |       22194     26.95%     50.01% |       22365     27.15%     77.16% |       18811     22.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        82366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      258210      2.07%      2.07% |     6292054     50.42%     52.49% |       87893      0.70%     53.19% |     5841714     46.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12479871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1833     20.32%     20.32% |        3296     36.54%     56.86% |        2286     25.34%     82.21% |        1605     17.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         9020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9443     32.74%     32.74% |        6537     22.66%     55.41% |        7363     25.53%     80.93% |        5499     19.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        28842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         805     24.74%     24.74% |         724     22.25%     46.99% |        1045     32.11%     79.10% |         680     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       69302      0.84%      0.84% |     3688009     44.63%     45.46% |       16707      0.20%     45.67% |     4490175     54.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      8264193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5883     20.40%     20.40% |        8306     28.80%     49.20% |       10033     34.79%     83.98% |        4620     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        28842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      186222      4.42%      4.42% |     2603035     61.82%     66.24% |       69219      1.64%     67.89% |     1352142     32.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4210618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       19066     46.42%     46.42% |        8480     20.65%     67.06% |        6360     15.48%     82.55% |        7169     17.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        41075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9250     36.06%     36.06% |        6509     25.38%     61.44% |        5305     20.68%     82.12% |        4587     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        25651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       86394      0.97%      0.97% |     4014906     45.01%     45.98% |       23394      0.26%     46.24% |     4794654     53.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8919348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       82762      0.92%      0.92% |     4133995     45.79%     46.70% |       28052      0.31%     47.01% |     4783904     52.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      9028713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      155600      5.59%      5.59% |     1828567     65.71%     71.30% |       48193      1.73%     73.04% |      750358     26.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      2782718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       19848      2.97%      2.97% |      329683     49.27%     52.23% |       11648      1.74%     53.97% |      308023     46.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       669202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       10080     26.21%     26.21% |       11073     28.80%     55.01% |        8504     22.12%     77.13% |        8795     22.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        38452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2360     12.51%     12.51% |        5511     29.22%     41.73% |        7037     37.31%     79.03% |        3955     20.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        18863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         391     27.21%     27.21% |         301     20.95%     48.16% |         369     25.68%     73.83% |         376     26.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1251     20.95%     20.95% |        2015     33.75%     54.71% |        1703     28.53%     83.23% |        1001     16.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         5970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6577     25.24%     25.24% |        6388     24.51%     49.74% |        7036     27.00%     76.74% |        6062     23.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        26063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      210597      0.31%      0.31% |    39208580     57.75%     58.06% |      204482      0.30%     58.37% |    28264551     41.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     67888210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    71621595      3.20%      3.20% |  1096655067     48.98%     52.18% |     5316591      0.24%     52.42% |  1065219510     47.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2238812763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8445     37.70%     37.70% |        5787     25.83%     63.53% |        4262     19.03%     82.56% |        3907     17.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        22401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        7701     19.50%     19.50% |       10352     26.22%     45.72% |       12582     31.87%     77.59% |        8848     22.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        39483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      165239      4.68%      4.68% |     2270760     64.25%     68.92% |       57463      1.63%     70.55% |     1040998     29.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3534460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5831871      2.77%      2.77% |    97223124     46.22%     48.99% |      156732      0.07%     49.07% |   107129568     50.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    210341295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       10632      5.11%      5.11% |      102044     49.04%     54.15% |        4178      2.01%     56.16% |       91214     43.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       208068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         387     27.01%     27.01% |         149     10.40%     37.40% |         348     24.28%     61.69% |         549     38.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       55595      0.69%      0.69% |     3583425     44.55%     45.24% |        8702      0.11%     45.35% |     4396367     54.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      8044089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         605     32.60%     32.60% |         689     37.12%     69.72% |         394     21.23%     90.95% |         168      9.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2066     24.12%     24.12% |        1587     18.53%     42.65% |        3109     36.29%     78.94% |        1804     21.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     8009400      3.89%      3.89% |    97988302     47.64%     51.53% |      717126      0.35%     51.88% |    98984025     48.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    205698853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7182709      4.17%      4.17% |    82421873     47.86%     52.03% |      769707      0.45%     52.48% |    81834904     47.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    172209193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         828     27.66%     27.66% |         618     20.64%     48.30% |         929     31.03%     79.33% |         619     20.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         2994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       30799      3.52%      3.52% |      431481     49.30%     52.82% |       14692      1.68%     54.49% |      398287     45.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       875259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1228     17.14%     17.14% |        2607     36.39%     53.53% |        1892     26.41%     79.94% |        1437     20.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         7164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        7377     36.38%     36.38% |        4950     24.41%     60.80% |        4254     20.98%     81.78% |        3695     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        20276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       69302      0.84%      0.84% |     3688009     44.63%     45.46% |       16707      0.20%     45.67% |     4490175     54.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8264193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5883     20.40%     20.40% |        8306     28.80%     49.20% |       10033     34.79%     83.98% |        4620     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        28842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      165928      4.69%      4.69% |     2272059     64.21%     68.90% |       56911      1.61%     70.50% |     1043798     29.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      3538696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         805     24.74%     24.74% |         724     22.25%     46.99% |        1045     32.11%     79.10% |         680     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       20294      3.02%      3.02% |      330976     49.26%     52.28% |       12308      1.83%     54.11% |      308344     45.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       671922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       19066     46.42%     46.42% |        8480     20.65%     67.06% |        6360     15.48%     82.55% |        7169     17.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        41075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9250     36.06%     36.06% |        6509     25.38%     61.44% |        5305     20.68%     82.12% |        4587     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        25651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       86394      0.97%      0.97% |     4014906     45.01%     45.98% |       23394      0.26%     46.24% |     4794654     53.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8919348                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      2784155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9048320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         675179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        22401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8919348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        38567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        90121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        145594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         129373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          23270      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              17601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          17442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          28842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8961766      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        15009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       103303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        27282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      2769120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       754539      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        22397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1013      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        14883      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8160891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       635620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        36035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        72607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        28842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         9020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8919348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         2631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       129373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         1412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          16250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        14883      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1351      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       103302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        15010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        27282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS          112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        25651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8936115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        20262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8561      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        28823      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
