
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.409116                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2409116018000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55235524217001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247602                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              250627415                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1852752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9612.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312979503                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2380031051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39917312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          39917312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19667712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19667712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       623708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             623708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       307308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            307308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16569278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             16569278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8163871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8163871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24733148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            24733148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     623708                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    307308                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   623708                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  307308                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              39879808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  37504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19666624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               39917312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19667712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   586                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            40145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            37846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            37668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            38383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            38755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            36635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            36575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            39071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            39007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            38384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           39394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           38883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           40268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            17551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2409116053500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               623708                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              307308                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 622168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 19037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 19152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 19143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 19149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 19143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 19143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 19145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 19138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 19140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 19142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 19135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 19133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 19134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 19134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 19134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       346272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.964329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.361032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.069689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       165337     47.75%     47.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       119132     34.40%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25742      7.43%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10920      3.15%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7508      2.17%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4591      1.33%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3292      0.95%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2621      0.76%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7129      2.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       346272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.568181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.081685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        19070     99.67%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           55      0.29%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        19133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.060785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.057376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.343567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           18546     96.93%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.09%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             565      2.95%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        19133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8030453984                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            19713991484                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3115610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12887.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31637.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       16.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    16.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  440874                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 143267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               46.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2587620.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1322576640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               721644000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2451485400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             996539760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        158134189200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        259726202280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1224827457750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1648180095030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           680.757911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2030274594753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80445560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 298395771247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1346564520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               734732625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2561247000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1016064000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        158134189200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        266414700555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1218960354000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1649167851900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           681.165890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2020335462749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80445560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 308331444751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43018304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          43018304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     27626240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       27626240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       672161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             672161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       431660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            431660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     17856468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             17856468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11467376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11467376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29323845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            29323845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     672161                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    431660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   672161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  431660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              43000576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               27626368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               43018304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            27626240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            43901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            41259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            39636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           43571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           41974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           42120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           43045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           44422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           43627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            28180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            27713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            25530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            26699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            26701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            26135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           27316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           26528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           26535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           27546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           28536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           27564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2409115696500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               672161                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              431660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 670715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 26768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 26921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 26926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 26914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 26917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 26919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 26918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 26917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 26917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 26915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 26913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 26908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 26916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 26909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 26906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 26906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       403740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   174.930956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.221888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.373372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       219684     54.41%     54.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        96193     23.83%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33934      8.40%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14836      3.67%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        21971      5.44%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5816      1.44%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3223      0.80%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2555      0.63%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5528      1.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       403740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     24.972905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.297254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        26871     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           31      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        26905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.043932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.041423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.295047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           26313     97.80%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              15      0.06%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             567      2.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        26905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9493780470                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            22091605470                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3359420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14130.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32880.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       17.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       11.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    17.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    11.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  485547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 214254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               49.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2182523.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1536426360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               838327875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2642569800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1400075280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        158134189200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        234073796310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1247329568250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1645954953075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.838847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2067883668750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80445560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 260787078250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1565781840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               854345250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2749640400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1417649040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        158134189200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        239720224005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1242376561500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1646818391235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           680.195478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2059397162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80445560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 269275998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4814916485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297409583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348647170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506677135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     803594                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160858660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506677135                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2940057609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033757176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938955171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528039236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388316296                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349934767                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38381529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24329690.579540                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4790586794.420460                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.994947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.005053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166252400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901353      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228734969     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265834      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      699      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349934767     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38381529      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348663495                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4816004015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5182229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10398330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10214277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     264703                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       903733                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10214277                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           20149669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8310998                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6693695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3559324                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2282486                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1482704                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    799782                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4790752687.003507                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              25251327.996493                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005243                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994757                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1220156                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                75805      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8004296     76.98%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11829      0.11%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22571      0.22%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1482704     14.26%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 799782      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10398421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4819400470                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1955389                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4185337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4097457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     110624                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       324436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4097457                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8198475                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3386582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2512233                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1281250                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       949885                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     591213                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    358672                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4809477906.355482                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              9922563.644518                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002059                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997941                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           470882                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                73217      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3128734     74.75%     76.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7615      0.18%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25878      0.62%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  591213     14.13%     91.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 358672      8.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4185359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4819286977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3687877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7583637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7368727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     167234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       603276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7368727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14363669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6079350                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4604178                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2811675                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1545703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     960879                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    584824                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4798886466.348118                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              20400510.651882                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004233                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995767                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           831005                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                79416      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5922912     78.10%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8453      0.11%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26994      0.36%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  960879     12.67%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 584824      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7583722                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1703456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1547988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1531990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1561489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               78460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1249000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               41132608                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.222849                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.316930                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    39989347     97.22%     97.22% |        2082      0.01%     97.23% |     1140319      2.77%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |         636      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 41132608                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2274045260                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001962                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044255                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269582700     99.80%     99.80% |     4462560      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2274045260                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2274045260                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.134756                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.020089                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.124098                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273976687    100.00%    100.00% |       41992      0.00%    100.00% |       24748      0.00%    100.00% |        1209      0.00%    100.00% |         512      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2274045260                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2250130525                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2250130525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2250130525                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23914735                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.813898                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.628256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.142284                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    23846162     99.71%     99.71% |       41992      0.18%     99.89% |       24748      0.10%     99.99% |        1209      0.01%    100.00% |         512      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23914735                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    371570869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses     21727933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    393298802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1860645647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1135052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1861780699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      2045224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       238952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      2284176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      6529567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       189281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      6718848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       841235                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       108190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       949425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      2422280                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       140401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      2562681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1337005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       210536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1547541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      4738698                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       164390                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      4903088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits      20231663                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2631322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses     22862985                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        286838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       141395                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       428233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        193626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        54965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       248591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        265560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       109366                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       374926                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1645539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1291509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2937048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.218883                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      2631322                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8950                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2635275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2567701                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2550785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1019994                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          410                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1525318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     21050576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        71600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189739800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20541608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20406280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     73439568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        29520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12202544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.011967                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       141395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20931                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148631                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       115801                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       109433                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        57061                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39717                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      1131160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10701432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       926408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       875464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4108392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       222336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       317736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        54965                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19995                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31494                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24207                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6751                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2618                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       439720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4375872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       193656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       486072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       188496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        47320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.009147                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       109366                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23777                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       119869                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79924                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        77638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37698                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3371                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23717                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       874928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8630568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       639392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       621104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2714256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       242712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.351794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      4210185                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46108                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4939912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4549937                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762063                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9487                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1594667                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     33681480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       368864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    355673664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36399496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80748288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12757336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.051471                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       612319                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       931151                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       915859                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      4898552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67042872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7326872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.059649                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       660818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1103925                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       888498                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5286544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     79482600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7107984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.001192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.054479                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0      4210185                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        73653                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4981255                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4574607                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762063                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9487                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1617638                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     33681480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       589224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    358650360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36596856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80748288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12941104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        12630555                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       193414                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     14943765                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     22010010                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3392973                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      4852914                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        101044440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1547312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1075951080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    176080080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    244294056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     38823312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.272086                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8950                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2627485                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2563120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        71600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189178920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20504960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.165681                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2631322                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7790                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4581                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2550785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1019994                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          410                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1525318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21050576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       560880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20406280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     73439568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        29520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12202544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014334                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20931                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       139751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       102557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10062072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       820456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009599                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       141395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       109433                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        57061                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39717                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1131160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       639360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       105952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       875464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4108392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       222336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       317736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005375                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19995                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53341                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3840552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       143504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002593                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        54965                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7435                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13556                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24207                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6751                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2618                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       439720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       535320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       193656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       486072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       188496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        47320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011031                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23777                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108186                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65511                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7789392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       524088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       109366                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11683                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14413                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        77638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37698                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3371                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23717                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       874928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       841176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       115304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       621104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2714256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       242712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.315267                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2937048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1290553                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1292906                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762063                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9487                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1594667                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23496384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     92919816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10343248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80748288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12757336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.388322                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1273137                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46108                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3649359                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3257031                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     10185096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       368864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    262753848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     26056248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038332                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       612319                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       307308                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       304208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4898552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22126176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2433664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.064611                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       623843                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       611651                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     44916696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4893208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.049661                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       660818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       431660                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       228367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5286544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31079520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1826936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.069637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       672265                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       660131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48403080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5281048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002145                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000238                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.272086                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8950                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2627485                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2563120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        71600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189178920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20504960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.014334                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       139751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       102557                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10062072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       820456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005375                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19995                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53341                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17938                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3840552                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       143504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.011031                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23777                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108186                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65511                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7789392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       524088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.315267                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      2937048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1290553                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1292906                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762063                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9487                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1594667                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     23496384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     92919816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10343248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80748288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12757336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.038332                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       612319                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       307308                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       304208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      4898552                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22126176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2433664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.049661                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       660818                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       431660                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       228367                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5286544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31079520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1826936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.002145                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8415282                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.068840                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.724786                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7292399     86.66%     86.66% |         620      0.01%     86.66% |     1121438     13.33%     99.99% |         167      0.00%     99.99% |         617      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8415282                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      32185570                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005337                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.199856                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    32159052     99.92%     99.92% |        6140      0.02%     99.94% |         528      0.00%     99.94% |         934      0.00%     99.94% |       18773      0.06%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        32185570                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        531756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002743                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      531755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          531756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356458859                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.596302                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.107751                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.047243                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356419987     99.99%     99.99% |       24241      0.01%    100.00% |       13819      0.00%    100.00% |         505      0.00%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356458859                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    336552491                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   336552491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    336552491                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19906368                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.677851                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.249107                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.433932                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    19867496     99.80%     99.80% |       24241      0.12%     99.93% |       13819      0.07%    100.00% |         505      0.00%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19906368                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39963332                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.941537                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142113                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     19.175432                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39934378     99.93%     99.93% |       17224      0.04%     99.97% |       10725      0.03%    100.00% |         694      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39963332                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37694074                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37694074    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37694074                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2269258                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.191925                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.382497                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.298855                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2240304     98.72%     98.72% |       17224      0.76%     99.48% |       10725      0.47%     99.96% |         694      0.03%     99.99% |         236      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2269258                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875965316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.545505                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875959113    100.00%    100.00% |        5612      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875965316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1874336192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1874336192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1874336192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1629124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.180980                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.220519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.076290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1622921     99.62%     99.62% |        5612      0.34%     99.96% |         175      0.01%     99.97% |         239      0.01%     99.99% |         117      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1629124                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1235597                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.637986                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.137296                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.736047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1234645     99.92%     99.92% |         860      0.07%     99.99% |          28      0.00%     99.99% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1235597                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1150669                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1150669    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1150669                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        84928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.281898                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.499639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.081417                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       83976     98.88%     98.88% |         860      1.01%     99.89% |          28      0.03%     99.92% |          36      0.04%     99.97% |          17      0.02%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        84928                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.597149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.352758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.907863                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      209936     99.46%     99.46% |        1078      0.51%     99.97% |          22      0.01%     99.98% |          27      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       211078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       186021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      186021    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       186021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.878158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.746359                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.083901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23915     95.44%     95.44% |        1078      4.30%     99.74% |          22      0.09%     99.83% |          27      0.11%     99.94% |           9      0.04%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        25057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211078    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       211078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       211078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211078    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       211078                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      612319     48.10%     48.10% |      660818     51.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1273137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      307308     41.59%     41.59% |      431660     58.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       738968                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      623708     48.13%     48.13% |      672161     51.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1295869                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      307308     41.59%     41.59% |      431660     58.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       738968                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11524     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      304208     57.12%     57.12% |      228367     42.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       532575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      612319     48.10%     48.10% |      660818     51.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1273137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      307173     41.58%     41.58% |      431556     58.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       738729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      304208     57.12%     57.12% |      228367     42.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       532575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      612319     48.10%     48.10% |      660818     51.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1273137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      307173     41.58%     41.58% |      431556     58.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       738729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          239                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   353714689     99.23%     99.23% |     1355159      0.38%     99.61% |      549126      0.15%     99.76% |      839885      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    356458859                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861780699     99.24%     99.24% |     6718848      0.36%     99.60% |     2562681      0.14%     99.74% |     4903088      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875965316                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |    39584113     95.11%     95.11% |      929017      2.23%     97.34% |      400299      0.96%     98.30% |      707656      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     41621085                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      330321     72.11%     72.11% |       43717      9.54%     81.65% |       39716      8.67%     90.32% |       44349      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       458103                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |    22595211     95.68%     95.68% |      416417      1.76%     97.45% |      238780      1.01%     98.46% |      363976      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     23614384                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      795039     59.51%     59.51% |      187400     14.03%     73.54% |      172413     12.91%     86.45% |      181085     13.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1335937                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |    22067946     97.74%     97.74% |      240833      1.07%     98.80% |       76178      0.34%     99.14% |      193841      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     22578798                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |    19493116     97.92%     97.92% |      184740      0.93%     98.85% |       79343      0.40%     99.25% |      149169      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     19906368                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1135052     69.67%     69.67% |      189281     11.62%     81.29% |      140401      8.62%     89.91% |      164390     10.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1629124                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |     2231544     94.09%     94.09% |       52621      2.22%     96.30% |       27381      1.15%     97.46% |       60275      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2371821                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       65800     39.84%     39.84% |       33465     20.26%     60.11% |       31385     19.00%     79.11% |       34494     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       165144                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      955320     75.89%     75.89% |      106081      8.43%     84.32% |       83438      6.63%     90.94% |      113992      9.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1258831                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     8768514     50.33%     50.33% |     3340144     19.17%     69.50% |     2345140     13.46%     82.96% |     2969562     17.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     17423360                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3273     44.10%     44.10% |        1591     21.44%     65.53% |        1466     19.75%     85.29% |        1092     14.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7422                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       14246     54.31%     54.31% |        4298     16.38%     70.69% |        3981     15.18%     85.87% |        3707     14.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        26232                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      777527     59.70%     59.70% |      181500     13.94%     73.64% |      166965     12.82%     86.46% |      176313     13.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1302305                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   285915106     99.80%     99.80% |      303345      0.11%     99.91% |       90055      0.03%     99.94% |      172496      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    286481002                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1851877133     99.73%     99.73% |     3189423      0.17%     99.90% |       77140      0.00%     99.90% |     1769136      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1856912832                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |     3002313     95.69%     95.69% |       64515      2.06%     97.74% |       14224      0.45%     98.20% |       56575      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      3137627                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |      244367     96.19%     96.19% |        3557      1.40%     97.59% |        2342      0.92%     98.51% |        3790      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       254056                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |    16586454     98.68%     98.68% |      118596      0.71%     99.39% |       30759      0.18%     99.57% |       72080      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     16807889                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    47351147     97.01%     97.01% |      760993      1.56%     98.56% |      296290      0.61%     99.17% |      404228      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     48812658                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    34346983     95.13%     95.13% |      810290      2.24%     97.38% |      357228      0.99%     98.37% |      589714      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     36104215                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        5908     46.63%     46.63% |        2397     18.92%     65.54% |        2008     15.85%     81.39% |        2358     18.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        12671                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     5231230     95.04%     95.04% |      116321      2.11%     97.15% |       41056      0.75%     97.90% |      115583      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      5504190                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      572571     57.16%     57.16% |      145862     14.56%     71.73% |      136470     13.62%     85.35% |      146731     14.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1001634                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      562481     89.64%     89.64% |       43419      6.92%     96.56% |        3931      0.63%     97.19% |       17659      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       627490                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      222468     66.55%     66.55% |       41538     12.43%     78.97% |       35943     10.75%     89.72% |       34354     10.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       334303                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |    19270648     98.46%     98.46% |      143202      0.73%     99.19% |       43400      0.22%     99.41% |      114815      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     19572065                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2231544     94.09%     94.09% |       52621      2.22%     96.30% |       27381      1.15%     97.46% |       60275      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2371821                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        3273     44.10%     44.10% |        1591     21.44%     65.53% |        1466     19.75%     85.29% |        1092     14.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         7422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    20628168     95.79%     95.79% |      374021      1.74%     97.52% |      219744      1.02%     98.54% |      313559      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     21535492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2234817     93.93%     93.93% |       54212      2.28%     96.21% |       28847      1.21%     97.42% |       61367      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2379243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |    21817684     97.78%     97.78% |      234917      1.05%     98.84% |       71815      0.32%     99.16% |      187663      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     22312079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        5908     46.63%     46.63% |        2397     18.92%     65.54% |        2008     15.85%     81.39% |        2358     18.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        12671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4991      9.03%      9.03% |       16332     29.54%     38.57% |       16174     29.26%     67.83% |       17784     32.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        55281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      659760     77.44%     77.44% |       64300      7.55%     84.99% |       57232      6.72%     91.71% |       70618      8.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       851910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |         882      1.37%      1.37% |       23134     35.98%     37.35% |       22200     34.53%     71.88% |       18080     28.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        64296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2626624     90.96%     90.96% |      126585      4.38%     95.34% |       39864      1.38%     96.72% |       94701      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2887774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         128     13.39%     13.39% |         318     33.26%     46.65% |         207     21.65%     68.31% |         303     31.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3831     22.00%     22.00% |        4281     24.58%     46.58% |        3614     20.75%     67.33% |        5691     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        17417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1247     41.29%     41.29% |         627     20.76%     62.05% |         513     16.99%     79.04% |         633     20.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2023492     92.98%     92.98% |       83962      3.86%     96.84% |       12289      0.56%     97.40% |       56510      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2176253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1297      7.45%      7.45% |        5179     29.74%     37.18% |        4713     27.06%     64.25% |        6227     35.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        17416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      601449     82.16%     82.16% |       49983      6.83%     88.98% |       35826      4.89%     93.88% |       44816      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       732074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      324413     72.83%     72.83% |       41320      9.28%     82.11% |       37708      8.47%     90.57% |       41991      9.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       445432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       12724     58.77%     58.77% |        3508     16.20%     74.97% |        3135     14.48%     89.45% |        2283     10.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        21650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5084     44.97%     44.97% |        2271     20.09%     65.06% |        2137     18.90%     83.96% |        1813     16.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        11305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2545312     93.71%     93.71% |       96778      3.56%     97.27% |       12666      0.47%     97.74% |       61415      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2716171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2105326     88.88%     88.88% |      121103      5.11%     94.00% |       47760      2.02%     96.01% |       94465      3.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2368654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      522159     93.22%     93.22% |       18648      3.33%     96.55% |        5581      1.00%     97.55% |       13721      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       560109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        3952     26.44%     26.44% |        3301     22.08%     48.52% |        2998     20.05%     68.57% |        4698     31.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        14949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      711895     62.60%     62.60% |      147960     13.01%     75.62% |      135343     11.90%     87.52% |      141927     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1137125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3313     43.01%     43.01% |        1629     21.15%     64.16% |        1612     20.93%     85.08% |        1149     14.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       79839     47.41%     47.41% |       29329     17.42%     64.83% |       26896     15.97%     80.80% |       32338     19.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       168402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         207      0.90%      0.90% |        8434     36.71%     37.61% |        8470     36.87%     74.48% |        5862     25.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1310     20.43%     20.43% |        2299     35.86%     56.29% |        1599     24.94%     81.24% |        1203     18.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         524     90.03%     90.03% |          15      2.58%     92.61% |          12      2.06%     94.67% |          31      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |         618      2.05%      2.05% |        9794     32.52%     34.57% |       10276     34.12%     68.69% |        9431     31.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        30119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       81312     47.38%     47.38% |       29807     17.37%     64.75% |       27198     15.85%     80.60% |       33286     19.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       171603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |     1835473     92.60%     92.60% |       81775      4.13%     96.73% |       10766      0.54%     97.27% |       54057      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      1982071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |      187939     98.39%     98.39% |        1165      0.61%     99.00% |         747      0.39%     99.39% |        1156      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       191007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          86      2.69%      2.69% |        1050     32.84%     35.53% |         775     24.24%     59.77% |        1286     40.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          11      1.52%      1.52% |         149     20.52%     22.04% |         282     38.84%     60.88% |         284     39.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |      187829     98.46%     98.46% |        1116      0.59%     99.05% |         716      0.38%     99.42% |        1100      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       190761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          58      2.75%      2.75% |         803     38.07%     40.83% |         377     17.88%     58.70% |         871     41.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |    19982211     98.29%     98.29% |      153142      0.75%     99.04% |       61049      0.30%     99.34% |      133605      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     20330007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       62102     93.32%     93.32% |        1656      2.49%     95.81% |         973      1.46%     97.27% |        1815      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        66546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         148      2.48%      2.48% |        2083     34.84%     37.32% |        1855     31.03%     68.35% |        1892     31.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    17809637     98.81%     98.81% |      102659      0.57%     99.38% |       35042      0.19%     99.58% |       75964      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     18023302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1708821     94.37%     94.37% |       33920      1.87%     96.24% |       21642      1.20%     97.43% |       46466      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      1810849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         410      4.32%      4.32% |        3088     32.55%     36.87% |        2618     27.60%     64.47% |        3371     35.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         9487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2357483     93.35%     93.35% |       95662      3.79%     97.14% |       11950      0.47%     97.61% |       60315      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2525410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         125     13.17%     13.17% |         317     33.40%     46.58% |         207     21.81%     68.39% |         300     31.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3773     24.65%     24.65% |        3477     22.72%     47.37% |        3237     21.15%     68.52% |        4819     31.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        15306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2023492     92.98%     92.98% |       83962      3.86%     96.84% |       12289      0.56%     97.40% |       56510      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2176253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1297      7.45%      7.45% |        5179     29.74%     37.18% |        4713     27.06%     64.25% |        6227     35.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        17416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       80537     46.03%     46.03% |       31962     18.27%     64.29% |       30758     17.58%     81.87% |       31728     18.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       174985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1247     41.29%     41.29% |         627     20.76%     62.05% |         513     16.99%     79.04% |         633     20.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      520912     93.51%     93.51% |       18021      3.23%     96.74% |        5068      0.91%     97.65% |       13088      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       557089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       12724     58.77%     58.77% |        3508     16.20%     74.97% |        3135     14.48%     89.45% |        2283     10.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        21650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        5084     44.97%     44.97% |        2271     20.09%     65.06% |        2137     18.90%     83.96% |        1813     16.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        11305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2545312     93.71%     93.71% |       96777      3.56%     97.27% |       12666      0.47%     97.74% |       61415      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2716170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       79839     47.41%     47.41% |       29329     17.42%     64.83% |       26896     15.97%     80.80% |       32338     19.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       168402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         207      0.90%      0.90% |        8434     36.71%     37.61% |        8470     36.87%     74.48% |        5862     25.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       80046     41.83%     41.83% |       37763     19.73%     61.56% |       35366     18.48%     80.04% |       38200     19.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       191375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         124     20.63%     20.63% |         146     24.29%     44.93% |         147     24.46%     69.38% |         184     30.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |      187939     98.39%     98.39% |        1165      0.61%     99.00% |         747      0.39%     99.39% |        1156      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       191007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          86      2.69%      2.69% |        1050     32.84%     35.53% |         775     24.24%     59.77% |        1286     40.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |      187901     97.05%     97.05% |        2069      1.07%     98.12% |        1375      0.71%     98.83% |        2258      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       193603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        5784     47.92%     47.92% |        2251     18.65%     66.57% |        1861     15.42%     81.99% |        2174     18.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        12070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       62102     93.32%     93.32% |        1656      2.49%     95.81% |         973      1.46%     97.27% |        1815      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        66546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         148      2.48%      2.48% |        2083     34.84%     37.32% |        1855     31.03%     68.35% |        1892     31.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       56466     93.40%     93.40% |        1488      2.46%     95.87% |         967      1.60%     97.47% |        1532      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        60453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2368667      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         560109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         8285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2716172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       733640      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       537664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1273137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1271543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          13285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        13618      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              14180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           6944      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          17416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2744647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       806385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       466752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       174985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         8285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         5773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1369868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        89381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       731992      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       522945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        17416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          956      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2716170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         8946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1271543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           43      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         5089      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         3174      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          13594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         5773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            586      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       806385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       466752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2733342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         7115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        10283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        17398      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.568844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2568844404500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55395252603501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135339                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   245492                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              250048126                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2124112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10273.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390390486                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2522041710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     44917312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          44917312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22831680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       22831680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       701833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             701833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       356745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            356745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17485416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             17485416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8887919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8887919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26373334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            26373334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     701833                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    356745                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   701833                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  356745                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              44876608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  40704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               22830336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               44917312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            22831680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            45024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            42457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            42564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            43270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            43642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            43802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            43521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            43286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           46010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           44531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           43810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           45465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           46527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           45605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            23543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            22148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            21807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            22728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            20966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            22036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            21199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           22150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           21756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           23082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           23142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2568839090500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               701833                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              356745                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 699439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 22021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 22226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 22223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 22219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       396506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   170.759262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.616757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.122004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       191404     48.27%     48.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       134308     33.87%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        29219      7.37%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12751      3.22%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8858      2.23%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5656      1.43%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3843      0.97%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2890      0.73%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7577      1.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       396506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.574388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.013133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        22145     99.72%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           55      0.25%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.062860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.059313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.350636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           21506     96.84%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              22      0.10%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             669      3.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               8      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9274176961                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22421620711                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3505985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13226.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31976.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       17.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    17.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  490325                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 171091                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                69.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2426688.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1503820080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               820536750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2742940200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1152299520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        168567297600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        290806944255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1293404600250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1758998438655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           681.562897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2144145392754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85779460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 338919927996                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1545090120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               843055125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2878792800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1180630080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        168567297600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        299239323615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1286007776250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1760261965590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           682.052479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2131655408500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85779460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 351412517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50252096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          50252096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30801856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       30801856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       785189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             785189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       481279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            481279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19562141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             19562141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11990550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11990550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     31552690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            31552690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     785189                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    481279                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   785189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  481279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              50231680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  20416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               30801024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               50252096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            30801856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            51000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            47712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            47433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            48656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            48291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            46284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            46256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            48764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            48539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            48681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           51400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           49307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           49272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           50213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           51890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           51172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            31175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            29921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            29436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            30955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            30668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            28945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            28056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            29779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            29549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            29210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           30640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           29820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           29507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           30753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           31937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2568843034500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               785189                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              481279                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 782896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 29755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 30008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 30025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 30017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 30019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 30022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 30018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 30017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 30020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 30013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 30009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 30006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 30018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 30004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 30000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 29997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       458868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   176.592763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.085481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.307190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       247685     53.98%     53.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110450     24.07%     78.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37516      8.18%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16715      3.64%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26519      5.78%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7403      1.61%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3763      0.82%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2845      0.62%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5972      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       458868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.166394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    65.073876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        29944     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           33      0.11%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        29995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.044874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.042305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.298560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           29322     97.76%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.06%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             643      2.14%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               9      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        29995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 10895249955                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25611562455                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3924350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13881.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32631.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       19.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       11.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    19.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    11.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  565585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 241684                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2028352.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1735949880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               947194875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3069580800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1556502480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        168567297600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        266107889790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1315070437500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1757054852925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           680.809812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2180358730750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85779460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 302706781500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1783094040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               972918375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3203928000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1582759440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        168567297600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        273640933980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1308462504000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1758213435435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           681.258730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2169104664750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85779460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 313963261500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5139443748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1299308635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2352224235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1510209809                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130313111                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     875755                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161142738                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1510209809                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130313111                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2947136755                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1036581597                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382521276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075420563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           940879891                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529269208                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389129688                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350414210                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38715478                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              333991421.303200                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4805452326.696800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.935014                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.064986                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166647498                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919232      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1231465441     52.35%     52.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4268436      0.18%     52.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4105      0.00%     52.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723453920     30.76%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350414210     14.90%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38715478      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2352240838                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5131581950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   76934266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141771266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            140562215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1320816                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4236135                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10201142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   140562215                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1320816                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          291480458                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         112087590                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              339381                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             990885                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            70566706                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           42772634                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     34865590                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23128085                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11737505                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4809422968.563325                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              322158981.436675                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.062780                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.937220                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16597086                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               120894      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                106038965     74.80%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56381      0.04%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    28144      0.02%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 662017      0.47%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23128085     16.31%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11737505      8.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 141772023                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5138784840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3948943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7930784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7797920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6666                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     183475                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       616047                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7797920                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         6666                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15582467                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6341787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               10688                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               5240                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4494891                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2579900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1803887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1084903                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    718984                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5118287681.266465                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20497158.733535                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003989                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996011                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           879666                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                91776      1.16%      1.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5990373     75.53%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10238      0.13%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    29812      0.38%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   4928      0.06%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1084903     13.68%     90.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 718984      9.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7931046                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5137269681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5454217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     10898848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10638160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 24131                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     237483                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       845545                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10638160                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        24131                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           21082576                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8643698                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               38931                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              18898                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6278951                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3731250                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2392981                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1445588                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    947393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5107711247.570972                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              29558433.429028                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005754                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994246                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1181427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                96535      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8353783     76.65%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   10312      0.09%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    27369      0.25%     77.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  18084      0.17%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1445588     13.26%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 947393      8.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  10899064                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1529                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1529                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3828                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3828                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          502                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3469                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          297                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1670500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               224979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1921500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1874450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1750450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1728483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1754981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              122458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2260500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1809500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2300500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1939000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               90385955                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.222960                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.317963                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    87873679     97.22%     97.22% |        7585      0.01%     97.23% |     2501562      2.77%    100.00% |         781      0.00%    100.00% |        2158      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 90385955                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4684221317                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043611                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4675295493     99.81%     99.81% |     8925824      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4684221317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4684221317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.142431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.021564                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.212729                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4684074572    100.00%    100.00% |       89735      0.00%    100.00% |       53089      0.00%    100.00% |        2591      0.00%    100.00% |        1090      0.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4684221317                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4631238093                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4631238093    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4631238093                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     52983224                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.592258                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.594030                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.579776                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    52836479     99.72%     99.72% |       89735      0.17%     99.89% |       53089      0.10%     99.99% |        2591      0.00%    100.00% |        1090      0.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     52983224                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    372294455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses     21825247                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    394119702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1863074028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1214401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1864288429                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     32420249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      2497223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     34917472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     97554080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses      2580205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    100134285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1606262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       203868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1810130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      4987253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       212073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      5199326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      2096431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       303033                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      2399464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      7074810                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       232439                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      7307249                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits      20348438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2691210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses     23039648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits       4549691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       527737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses      5077428                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        300857                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       115084                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       415941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        388636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       146836                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       535472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1990637                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1490230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3480867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            44                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.209615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      2691210                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12801                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2697116                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2613641                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2596388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1036845                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1549948                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     21529680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       102408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    194192352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20909128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20771104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     74652840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        62136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12399584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.041670                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       527737                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       537795                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       460110                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       453115                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       223882                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3203                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       213258                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      4221896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       203640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38721240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3680880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3624920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16119504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       230616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1706064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.008214                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       115084                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       124204                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        76098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        69550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25198                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3261                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27509                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       920672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       206784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8942688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       608784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       556400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1814256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       234792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       220072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.011430                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       146836                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       160500                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       108786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105682                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37214                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1174688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       232000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11556000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       870288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       845456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3532320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       283176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       297712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.386325                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      4945157                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60883                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5769922                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5288596                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3224735                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11260                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1827929                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     39561256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       487064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    415434384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42308768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25797880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       810720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14623432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.054756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       690444                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1058651                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1022738                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      5523552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76222872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8181904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.064470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       773846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1266508                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1064999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      6190768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     91188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8519992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.001119                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.059827                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0      4945157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        93104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5818835                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5317484                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3224735                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11260                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1851030                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     39561256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       744832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    418956120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42539872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25797880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       810720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14808240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        14835471                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       247091                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17456504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     25626657                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4038735                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5553474                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        118683768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1976728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1256868288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    205013256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    290788920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     44427792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.260802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12801                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2686488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2607165                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       102408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193427136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20857320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158428                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2691210                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6476                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2596388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1036845                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1549948                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21529680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       765216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        51808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20771104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     74652840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        62136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12399584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.050604                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       525560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       444306                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       203640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37840320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3554448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       527737                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12235                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15804                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       453115                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       223882                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3203                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       213258                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4221896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       880920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       126432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3624920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16119504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       230616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1706064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010716                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       112864                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       206784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8126208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       115084                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11340                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16593                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        69550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25198                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3261                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27509                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       920672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       816480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       132744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       556400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1814256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       234792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       220072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013878                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145027                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91754                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       232000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10441944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       734032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008982                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       146836                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15473                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105682                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37214                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1174688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1114056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       845456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3532320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       283176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       297712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.345797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3480867                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488027                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1489954                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3224735                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11260                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1827929                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     27846936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107137944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11919632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25797880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       810720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14623432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.426854                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1464290                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60883                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4281895                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3798642                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11714320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       487064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    308296440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30389136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.041314                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       690444                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       356681                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       332960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5523552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25681032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2663680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.068198                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       701970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       689778                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50541840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5518224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.052632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       773846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       481215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       291840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6190768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34647480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2334720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.076307                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       785293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       773159                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56541096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6185272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002013                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000225                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.260802                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12801                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2686488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2607165                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       102408                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193427136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20857320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.050604                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25455                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       525560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       444306                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       203640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37840320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3554448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.010716                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       112864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       206784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8126208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.013878                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91754                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       232000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10441944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       734032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.345797                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      3480867                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1489954                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3224735                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11260                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1827929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     27846936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107137944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11919632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25797880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       810720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14623432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.041314                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       690444                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       356681                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       332960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      5523552                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25681032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2663680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.052632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       773846                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       481215                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       291840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      6190768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34647480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2334720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.002013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      18283798                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.078947                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.737646                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    15822632     86.54%     86.54% |        2438      0.01%     86.55% |     2455738     13.43%     99.98% |         716      0.00%     99.99% |        2085      0.01%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        18283798                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      70915969                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005995                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.211663                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    70864859     99.93%     99.93% |        5147      0.01%     99.94% |       45824      0.06%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        70915969                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1186188                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000015                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.005509                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1186179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1186188                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735227902                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.620165                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.110585                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.255829                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   735143777     99.99%     99.99% |       52260      0.01%    100.00% |       30082      0.00%    100.00% |        1114      0.00%    100.00% |         584      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735227902                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    693255712                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   693255712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    693255712                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41972190                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.863453                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.279579                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.903808                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    41888065     99.80%     99.80% |       52260      0.12%     99.92% |       30082      0.07%    100.00% |        1114      0.00%    100.00% |         584      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     41972190                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91739563                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.777943                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.131810                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.279466                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91679343     99.93%     99.93% |       35774      0.04%     99.97% |       22348      0.02%    100.00% |        1453      0.00%    100.00% |         490      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91739563                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     86878359                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    86878359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     86878359                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4861204                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.552939                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.346740                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.385436                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4800984     98.76%     98.76% |       35774      0.74%     99.50% |       22348      0.46%     99.96% |        1453      0.03%     99.99% |         490      0.01%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4861204                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852894605                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.011543                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.636786                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852876773    100.00%    100.00% |       15955      0.00%    100.00% |         562      0.00%    100.00% |         800      0.00%    100.00% |         346      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852894605                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3847026363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3847026363    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3847026363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5868242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.578443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.392388                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.453050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5850410     99.70%     99.70% |       15955      0.27%     99.97% |         562      0.01%     99.98% |         800      0.01%     99.99% |         346      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5868242                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3154061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.591803                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.130062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.311893                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3151913     99.93%     99.93% |        1946      0.06%     99.99% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3154061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2947540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2947540    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2947540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       206521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.038229                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.471391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.067552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      204373     98.96%     98.96% |        1946      0.94%     99.90% |          59      0.03%     99.93% |          82      0.04%     99.97% |          36      0.02%     99.99% |          21      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       206521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.935836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.367365                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.885517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      599587     99.50%     99.50% |        2685      0.45%     99.95% |          66      0.01%     99.96% |         132      0.02%     99.98% |          85      0.01%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       602593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       527526                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      527526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       527526                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        75067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.567133                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.325372                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.625677                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       72061     96.00%     96.00% |        2685      3.58%     99.57% |          66      0.09%     99.66% |         132      0.18%     99.84% |          85      0.11%     99.95% |          35      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        75067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602593    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       602593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       602593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602593    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       602593                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      690444     47.15%     47.15% |      773846     52.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1464290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      356681     42.57%     42.57% |      481215     57.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       837896                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      701833     47.20%     47.20% |      785189     52.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1487022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      356745     42.57%     42.57% |      481279     57.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       838024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11526     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      332960     53.29%     53.29% |      291840     46.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       624800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      690444     47.15%     47.15% |      773846     52.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1464290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      356544     42.56%     42.56% |      481111     57.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       837655                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      332960     53.29%     53.29% |      291840     46.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       624800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      690444     47.15%     47.15% |      773846     52.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1464290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      356544     42.56%     42.56% |      481111     57.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       837655                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          241                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   354181028     93.51%     93.51% |    22252575      5.87%     99.38% |     1025530      0.27%     99.65% |     1309910      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    378769043                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1864288429     94.30%     94.30% |   100134285      5.07%     99.37% |     5199326      0.26%     99.63% |     7307249      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976929289                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |    39938674     73.31%     73.31% |    12664897     23.25%     96.56% |      784600      1.44%     98.00% |     1089554      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     54477725                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      347872     61.97%     61.97% |       98679     17.58%     79.55% |       58940     10.50%     90.05% |       55837      9.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       561328                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |    22767293     79.22%     79.22% |     5049297     17.57%     96.79% |      401553      1.40%     98.19% |      521350      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     28739493                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      859387     52.51%     52.51% |      313106     19.13%     71.64% |      235261     14.37%     86.01% |      228923     13.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1636677                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |    22180261     80.86%     80.86% |     4764322     17.37%     98.22% |      180680      0.66%     98.88% |      306549      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     27431812                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |    19564668     88.67%     88.67% |     2133963      9.67%     98.34% |      149496      0.68%     99.01% |      217695      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     22065822                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1214401     28.65%     28.65% |     2580205     60.87%     89.51% |      212073      5.00%     94.52% |      232439      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      4239118                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |     2256615     81.93%     81.93% |      361301     13.12%     95.05% |       52398      1.90%     96.95% |       83936      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2754250                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       79497     32.90%     32.90% |       72483     30.00%     62.90% |       46539     19.26%     82.16% |       43112     17.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       241631                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      980986     69.51%     69.51% |      181073     12.83%     82.34% |      114171      8.09%     90.43% |      135112      9.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1411342                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10216897     42.03%     42.03% |     6298555     25.91%     67.95% |     4026311     16.56%     84.51% |     3764818     15.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24306581                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3964     42.63%     42.63% |        1959     21.07%     63.70% |        1974     21.23%     84.92% |        1402     15.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9299                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       15844     44.53%     44.53% |        9055     25.45%     69.97% |        5708     16.04%     86.01% |        4977     13.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        35584                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      839598     52.75%     52.75% |      302064     18.98%     71.72% |      227581     14.30%     86.02% |      222533     13.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1591776                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   286082081     97.41%     97.41% |     7060043      2.40%     99.81% |      255091      0.09%     99.90% |      304980      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    293702195                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1852857131     95.10%     95.10% |    91255525      4.68%     99.78% |      960942      0.05%     99.83% |     3309992      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1948383590                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |     3016680     90.04%     90.04% |      233909      6.98%     97.02% |       31497      0.94%     97.97% |       68176      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      3350262                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |      245535     91.98%     91.98% |       13140      4.92%     96.90% |        3687      1.38%     98.29% |        4577      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       266939                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |    16657432     79.13%     79.13% |     4154062     19.73%     98.86% |       91116      0.43%     99.29% |      148480      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     21051090                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    47553293     77.21%     77.21% |    12877496     20.91%     98.12% |      506772      0.82%     98.94% |      652123      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     61589684                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    34661415     71.67%     71.67% |    12067728     24.95%     96.62% |      698731      1.44%     98.06% |      936040      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     48363914                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6996     40.74%     40.74% |        4001     23.30%     64.04% |        3005     17.50%     81.53% |        3171     18.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        17173                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     5270263     86.45%     86.45% |      593171      9.73%     96.18% |       82856      1.36%     97.53% |      150337      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      6096627                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      624089     50.18%     50.18% |      249049     20.02%     70.20% |      186008     14.96%     85.16% |      184616     14.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1243762                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      590312     19.71%     19.71% |     2331156     77.83%     97.53% |       26065      0.87%     98.40% |       47823      1.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2995356                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      235298     59.89%     59.89% |       64057     16.30%     76.19% |       49253     12.54%     88.72% |       44307     11.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       392915                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |    19329370     89.19%     89.19% |     2069906      9.55%     98.74% |      100243      0.46%     99.20% |      173388      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     21672907                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2256615     81.93%     81.93% |      361301     13.12%     95.05% |       52399      1.90%     96.95% |       83936      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2754251                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        3964     42.63%     42.63% |        1959     21.07%     63.70% |        1973     21.22%     84.92% |        1402     15.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         9298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    20779069     78.99%     78.99% |     4714168     17.92%     96.91% |      361569      1.37%     98.29% |      450134      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     26304940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2260579     81.80%     81.80% |      363260     13.14%     94.94% |       54373      1.97%     96.91% |       85338      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2763550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |    21927695     80.77%     80.77% |     4747233     17.49%     98.26% |      173972      0.64%     98.90% |      298817      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     27147717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6996     40.74%     40.74% |        4001     23.30%     64.04% |        3005     17.50%     81.53% |        3171     18.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        17173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7339     10.93%     10.93% |       19007     28.30%     39.23% |       19854     29.56%     68.79% |       20965     31.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        67165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      692516     65.96%     65.96% |      173352     16.51%     82.47% |       92840      8.84%     91.31% |       91206      8.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1049914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3228      4.44%      4.44% |       24006     33.00%     37.44% |       25040     34.42%     71.86% |       20468     28.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        72742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2683429     78.44%     78.44% |      511342     14.95%     93.39% |       96783      2.83%     96.22% |      129254      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3420808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         296     13.44%     13.44% |         661     30.02%     43.46% |         648     29.43%     72.89% |         597     27.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5166     21.76%     21.76% |        5787     24.38%     46.14% |        5346     22.52%     68.66% |        7439     31.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        23738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1451     39.30%     39.30% |         879     23.81%     63.11% |         676     18.31%     81.42% |         686     18.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2055499     81.58%     81.58% |      346366     13.75%     95.32% |       43721      1.74%     97.06% |       74121      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2519707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2785     11.73%     11.73% |        6679     28.14%     39.87% |        6998     29.48%     69.35% |        7275     30.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        23737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      626753     67.92%     67.92% |      171636     18.60%     86.52% |       61469      6.66%     93.18% |       62945      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       922803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      340876     62.64%     62.64% |       94678     17.40%     80.04% |       55935     10.28%     90.32% |       52666      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       544155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       14199     56.35%     56.35% |        4110     16.31%     72.67% |        3902     15.49%     88.15% |        2985     11.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        25196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        6173     42.22%     42.22% |        3056     20.90%     63.13% |        2896     19.81%     82.93% |        2495     17.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2586793     81.79%     81.79% |      437140     13.82%     95.61% |       52707      1.67%     97.27% |       86274      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3162914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2153106     76.91%     76.91% |      427667     15.28%     92.18% |       96253      3.44%     95.62% |      122550      4.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2799576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      533382     79.57%     79.57% |       97893     14.60%     94.17% |       16611      2.48%     96.65% |       22477      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       670363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        4694     23.17%     23.17% |        5282     26.07%     49.23% |        4546     22.43%     71.67% |        5741     28.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        20263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      760169     56.34%     56.34% |      229202     16.99%     73.33% |      180776     13.40%     86.73% |      179082     13.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1349229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4110     40.79%     40.79% |        2149     21.33%     62.12% |        2183     21.67%     83.79% |        1633     16.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       94521     37.52%     37.52% |       72944     28.95%     66.47% |       42941     17.04%     83.51% |       41536     16.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       251942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         820      3.24%      3.24% |        8594     34.00%     37.25% |        9307     36.83%     74.08% |        6552     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        25273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1611     21.26%     21.26% |        2603     34.34%     55.60% |        1953     25.77%     81.37% |        1412     18.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         7579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         612     71.75%     71.75% |          28      3.28%     75.03% |          37      4.34%     79.37% |         176     20.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        1748      5.02%      5.02% |       10370     29.77%     34.79% |       11739     33.70%     68.49% |       10975     31.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        34832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       96636     37.47%     37.47% |       74202     28.77%     66.24% |       44076     17.09%     83.33% |       42980     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       257894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |     1866901     80.52%     80.52% |      339084     14.62%     95.14% |       41423      1.79%     96.93% |       71271      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2318679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |      188407     95.49%     95.49% |        6145      3.11%     98.60% |        1329      0.67%     99.28% |        1427      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       197308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         175      4.66%      4.66% |        1176     31.32%     35.98% |         963     25.65%     61.62% |        1441     38.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          34      4.20%      4.20% |         152     18.77%     22.96% |         308     38.02%     60.99% |         316     39.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |      188246     95.67%     95.67% |        5918      3.01%     98.68% |        1265      0.64%     99.32% |        1334      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       196763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           6     40.00%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         108      4.34%      4.34% |         912     36.63%     40.96% |         509     20.44%     61.41% |         961     38.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |    20060794     80.80%     80.80% |     4408149     17.75%     98.55% |      132549      0.53%     99.08% |      227545      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     24829037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       63330     83.65%     83.65% |        7587     10.02%     93.67% |        2150      2.84%     96.51% |        2640      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        75707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         619      8.43%      8.43% |        2233     30.41%     38.84% |        2250     30.64%     69.48% |        2241     30.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    17864183     80.66%     80.66% |     4054696     18.31%     98.96% |       82587      0.37%     99.34% |      147090      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     22148556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1722475     82.72%     82.72% |      263190     12.64%     95.36% |       35541      1.71%     97.07% |       61052      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2082258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         863      7.66%      7.66% |        3203     28.45%     36.11% |        3261     28.96%     65.07% |        3933     34.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        11260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2398547     80.86%     80.86% |      431222     14.54%     95.40% |       51442      1.73%     97.14% |       84940      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2966151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         291     13.31%     13.31% |         660     30.18%     43.48% |         642     29.36%     72.84% |         594     27.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        5058     23.81%     23.81% |        4874     22.94%     46.75% |        4837     22.77%     69.51% |        6477     30.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        21246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2055499     81.58%     81.58% |      346366     13.75%     95.32% |       43721      1.74%     97.06% |       74121      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2519707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2785     11.73%     11.73% |        6679     28.14%     39.87% |        6998     29.48%     69.35% |        7275     30.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        23737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       94822     37.02%     37.02% |       74622     29.13%     66.15% |       45534     17.78%     83.93% |       41154     16.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       256132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1451     39.30%     39.30% |         879     23.81%     63.11% |         676     18.31%     81.42% |         686     18.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      531931     79.79%     79.79% |       97014     14.55%     94.34% |       15935      2.39%     96.73% |       21791      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       666671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       14199     56.35%     56.35% |        4110     16.31%     72.67% |        3902     15.49%     88.15% |        2985     11.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        25196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        6173     42.22%     42.22% |        3056     20.90%     63.13% |        2896     19.81%     82.93% |        2495     17.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        14620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2586793     81.79%     81.79% |      437139     13.82%     95.61% |       52707      1.67%     97.27% |       86274      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3162913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       94521     37.52%     37.52% |       72944     28.95%     66.47% |       42941     17.04%     83.51% |       41536     16.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       251942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         820      3.24%      3.24% |        8594     34.00%     37.25% |        9307     36.83%     74.08% |        6552     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        25273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       95341     34.39%     34.39% |       81538     29.41%     63.81% |       52248     18.85%     82.65% |       48088     17.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       277215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         189     19.19%     19.19% |         338     34.31%     53.50% |         204     20.71%     74.21% |         254     25.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |      188407     95.49%     95.49% |        6145      3.11%     98.60% |        1329      0.67%     99.28% |        1427      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       197308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         175      4.66%      4.66% |        1176     31.32%     35.98% |         963     25.65%     61.62% |        1441     38.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |      188393     94.16%     94.16% |        6983      3.49%     97.65% |        2088      1.04%     98.69% |        2614      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       200078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6807     42.05%     42.05% |        3663     22.63%     64.68% |        2801     17.30%     81.98% |        2917     18.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        16188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       63330     83.65%     83.65% |        7587     10.02%     93.67% |        2150      2.84%     96.51% |        2640      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        75707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         619      8.43%      8.43% |        2233     30.41%     38.84% |        2250     30.64%     69.48% |        2241     30.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       57142     85.46%     85.46% |        6157      9.21%     94.67% |        1599      2.39%     97.06% |        1963      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        66861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2799624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         670367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        10928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3162915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       831964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       630491      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1464290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1462696      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        18714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              17953      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           9064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          23737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3200998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       955897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       508393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       256130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        10928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         7660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1563811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       156076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       829733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       612464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        23737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3162913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        10367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1462696      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         5691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         3917      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          759      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          17193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         7660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       955896      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       508393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        14620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3186378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        14490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        23706      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
