
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.966959                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2966958622500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56117719416501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   228497                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              263816850                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1981860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11246.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1533331532                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2569744192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2687488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2687488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       296576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         296576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        41992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              41992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         4634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       905806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               905806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        99960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               99960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1005765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1005765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      41992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      4634                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    41992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    4634                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2685440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 295744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2687488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              296576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            3847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2966965909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                41992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                4634                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  41800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        14751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.096129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.159991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   272.200049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7795     52.84%     52.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4285     29.05%     81.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          618      4.19%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          296      2.01%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          262      1.78%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          143      0.97%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          134      0.91%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          161      1.09%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1057      7.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        14751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    182.714844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   721.875722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          241     94.14%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      2.34%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      1.56%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.39%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.39%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.39%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.050781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.032502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.812500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              19      7.42%      7.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             205     80.08%     87.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      5.86%     93.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      5.86%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   282003499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1068753499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 209800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6720.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25470.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   29874                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  63633292.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                60593400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                33061875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              178713600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              18195840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         77174295570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1714931075250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1986450226095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.602901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2851041555000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16843838750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                64373400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                35124375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              186856800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              11748240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         78165077265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1714061976750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1986579447390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.646391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2849288074000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18597014750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2579392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2579392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       278400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         278400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        40303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              40303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       869372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               869372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        93833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               93833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       963206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              963206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      40303                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4350                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    40303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2578368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 278272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2579392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              278400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2966955677000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                40303                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4350                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  40149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        13783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.258217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.558950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   279.092332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7296     52.93%     52.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3886     28.19%     81.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          590      4.28%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          283      2.05%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          243      1.76%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          153      1.11%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      0.89%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          140      1.02%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1069      7.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        13783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    187.787500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   672.409936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          223     92.92%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            7      2.92%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      1.67%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.42%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.42%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.116667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.095995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.888639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              13      5.42%      5.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.42%      5.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             196     81.67%     87.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      5.42%     92.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              14      5.83%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.42%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.42%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   266301000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1021682250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 201435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6610.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25360.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   28853                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               45.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  66444710.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                56873880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                31032375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              171280200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              17236800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         76836042180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1715227797000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1986394552995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.584159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2851541441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16343642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                60729480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                33136125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              180726000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              10938240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         77969330145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1714233684750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1986542835300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.634068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2849624275250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18260813500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2577216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2577216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       275264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         275264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        40269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              40269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              4301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       868639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               868639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        92776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               92776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       961415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              961415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      40269                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      4301                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    40269                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    4301                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2575872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 274624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2577216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              275264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             3629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             3874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2966953351500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                40269                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                4301                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  40093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        13704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.009340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.996656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   279.549408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7215     52.65%     52.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3895     28.42%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          593      4.33%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          261      1.90%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          239      1.74%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          166      1.21%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          137      1.00%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          137      1.00%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1061      7.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        13704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    189.902954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   836.441683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          232     97.89%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.105485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.089743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.765691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              11      4.64%      4.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.42%      5.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             194     81.86%     86.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              18      7.59%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      4.64%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.42%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   262171749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1016821749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 201240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     6513.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               25263.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   28838                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1998                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               46.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  66568394.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   69.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                56155680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                30640500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              170874600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              17010000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         76790616030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1715267644500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1986387231870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.581695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2851599081000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16286007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                60888240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                33222750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              180765000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              10795680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         77986078740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1714218993000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1986545033970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.634808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2849567214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18317874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       270016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         270016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        40143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              40143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              4219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       865921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               865921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        91008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               91008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       956929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              956929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      40143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      4219                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    40143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    4219                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2567360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 269888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2569152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              270016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             3457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            3753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            3961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2966958391000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                40143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                4219                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  39952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        13498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.197659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   124.113555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   281.256436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7040     52.16%     52.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3876     28.72%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          596      4.42%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          245      1.82%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          203      1.50%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          187      1.39%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          186      1.38%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      0.79%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1058      7.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        13498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    192.901288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   838.698671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          226     97.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      1.29%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.43%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.43%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.098712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.079585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.847739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              13      5.58%      5.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             194     83.26%     88.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      4.29%     93.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      5.15%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.86%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.43%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   265821497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1017977747                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 200575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     6626.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               25376.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   28867                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1967                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               46.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  66880627.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   69.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                55951560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                30529125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              170921400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              16750800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         76831261875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1715231990250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1986391695570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.583198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2851538443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16346688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                59414040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                32418375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              179805600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              10575360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        194054290560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         77758267410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1714418827500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1986513598845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.624228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2849871009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99073260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18014093250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5930871960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48165104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     84926831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74418002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1291624                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6366929                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74418002                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          152528712                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          55497062                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57466866                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23287562                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20181100                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13636219                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6544881                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5750250255.659729                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              180621704.340271                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030454                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969546                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8629475                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               203740      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55487638     65.34%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  244026      0.29%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   836315      0.98%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.32%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13636219     16.06%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6544881      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  84926879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5935300314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  747245202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1240666969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            943492107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             479889368                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17083102                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     84384153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   943492107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    479889368                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1985935063                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         636001192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           764413103                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          392525481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           707077144                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          271369261                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    311834479                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  231833977                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  80000502                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3023395293.496504                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2911905020.503496                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.490608                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.509392                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        113289844                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1555301      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                716014777     57.71%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2110993      0.17%     58.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8192931      0.66%     58.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              200542892     16.16%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415720      0.03%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               231833977     18.69%     93.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               80000502      6.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1240667093                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5932366787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2694126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5697776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5587819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     149180                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       464421                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5587819                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11058908                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4597033                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3499206                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1787537                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1259950                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     788912                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    471038                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5921223330.454126                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11143456.545874                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001878                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998122                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           659522                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                86228      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4310009     75.64%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12492      0.22%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    29002      0.51%     77.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  788912     13.85%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 471038      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5697801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5938938087                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  733646114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1235511870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            947408349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             466059672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17484108                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82190323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   947408349                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    466059672                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2022527242                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         650969343                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738345000                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          383015638                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           692654289                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          260738932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316181227                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235056936                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81124291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3066671380.900256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2872266706.099744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.483633                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.516367                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111388032                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1819366      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                714238488     57.81%     57.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2402571      0.19%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10640636      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189635118     15.35%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594560      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235056936     19.03%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81124291      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1235511966                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4528                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4528                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3702500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1991964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2095113                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1987976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2081126                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              174407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2881813866                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000260                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2881813671    100.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2881813866                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2881813866                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.072331                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012341                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.277569                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2881775545    100.00%    100.00% |       37089      0.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |         561      0.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2881813866                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2869422136                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2869422136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2869422136                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12391730                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.821214                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.329174                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.891567                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    12353409     99.69%     99.69% |       37089      0.30%     99.99% |         219      0.00%     99.99% |         279      0.00%     99.99% |         561      0.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12391730                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20103953                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20181935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     67925881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       129642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     68055523                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    312836655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4474541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    317311196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1083583008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1808353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1085391361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            25                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1231761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1259512                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3462025                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        37336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3499361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    315952005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5094301                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321046306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1064326848                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       741824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1065068672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            74                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12234695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       157035                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12391730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.014679                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       207624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       186989                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23814                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       383284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1956                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       375452                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1660992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       335736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13463208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4152384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       127168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1714608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3066272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       333888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3003616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.397616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6282894                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        35881                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6206165                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        50050                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9221                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       794911                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12533454                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9262                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4098                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11754710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     50263152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2583432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    446843880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3603600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        73768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57233592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    100267632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        74096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        32784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     94037680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.005117                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65087                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2211                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        48879                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        41392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7868                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103764                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        27417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          743                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       109101                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       520696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       159192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3519288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2980224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       566496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       830112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       219336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       872808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.370026                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5836125                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        28749                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5792662                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22828                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8094                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       759177                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11642913                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3676                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10898403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     46689000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2069928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    417071664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1643616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        64752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     54660744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     93143304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        65024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     87187224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.784838                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12391730                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        71467                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2       143411                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12234695                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1600394                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     24663416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        29248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8399                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23210388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     99133840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       571736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     10325592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    880898040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       139696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    115228368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    197307328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       233984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       692344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        67192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    185683104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.002048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        19178                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        42023                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        31888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        19704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       153424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3025656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       281808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       255104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       157632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.001955                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17494                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        40333                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3630                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        31147                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17852                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       139952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2903976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       261360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       249176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       142816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.001949                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        40299                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3581                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        30920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          259                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17689                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       139680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2901528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       257832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       247360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       141512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17335                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2        40175                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3499                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        30668                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       138680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2892600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       251928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       245344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       139816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.003933                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          938                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95375                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       763000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.144010                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12391730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1        71467                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2       234651                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12234695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        86440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        27935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1600394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     24663415                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       124623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86543                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        10473                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23210388                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     99133840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       571736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16894872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    880898040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      6223680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       223480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    115228368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    197307320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       996984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       692344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        83784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    185683104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     37389591                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       703953                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     36704085                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       259320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        83805                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4801182                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     74381395                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       263763                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        29348                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     69631164                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    299116728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     50684616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   2642694120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     18671040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       670440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    345685104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    595051160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2110104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       234784                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    557049312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017842                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       186989                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13686                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191642                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1956                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       335736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13463208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1148688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       109488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1533136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       333888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011516                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       207624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        41718                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2210                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23814                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191642                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       375452                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1660992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3003696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1714608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1533136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3003616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.529420                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        35844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6206165                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        40855                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4777                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6266727                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9262                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4098                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2580768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    446843880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2941560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50133816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        74096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        32784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.265811                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6282894                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9195                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4444                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       794911                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6266727                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11754710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     50263152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       662040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57233592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50133816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     94037680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005645                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2211                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        48879                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13986                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4269                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        27417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          743                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       159192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3519288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1006992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34152                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       415056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       219336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004588                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65087                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27406                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          927                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7868                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       109101                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       520696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1973232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       566496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       415056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       872808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.491771                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        28749                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5792662                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14707                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5821456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3676                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2069928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    417071664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1058904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46571648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        65024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.248280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5836125                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8121                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       759177                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5821457                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10898403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     46689000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       584712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        30640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     54660744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46571656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     87187224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.529107                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12391730                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        71504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          938                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1585770                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12331708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        14624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23137666                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     99133840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5148288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114175440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     98653664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       116992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    185101328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     1.040569                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        71467                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        71907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12234695                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        16524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12331708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        14624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8399                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        72722                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       571736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5177304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    880898040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       132192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1052928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     98653664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       116992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       692344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        67192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       581776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000869                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        19178                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27974                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        19704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       153424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       281808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       223792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       157632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003228                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        41992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3023424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        31312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000813                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17494                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3630                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27517                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17852                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       139952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       261360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       220136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       142816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        40303                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3630                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2901816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        29040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000806                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3581                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27339                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17689                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       139680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       257832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       218712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       141512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003092                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        40269                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3581                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          259                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2899368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000796                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17335                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3499                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27169                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       138680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       251928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       217352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       139816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003081                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        40143                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3499                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2890296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        27992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007039                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          938                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95375                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       763000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017842                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4663                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       186989                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15954                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13686                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191642                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1956                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       335736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13463208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1148688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       109488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1533136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       333888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.529420                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        35844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6206165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        40855                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4777                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6266727                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9262                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4098                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2580768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    446843880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2941560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50133816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        74096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        32784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005645                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2211                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        48879                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4269                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        27417                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       159192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3519288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1006992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       415056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       219336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.491771                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        28749                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5792662                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14707                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5821456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2069928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    417071664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1058904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46571648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        65024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.529107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12391730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        71504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          938                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1585770                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12331708                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        14624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23137666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     99133840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5148288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114175440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     98653664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       116992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    185101328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000869                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        19178                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3914                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27974                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        19704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       153424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       281808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       223792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       157632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000813                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17494                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27517                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17852                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       139952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       261360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       220136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       142816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17460                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17689                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       139680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       257832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       218712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       141512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000796                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1        17335                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3499                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        27169                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       138680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       251928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       217352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       139816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.007039                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          938                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489449335                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.308119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.053840                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.605122                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489417762     99.99%     99.99% |       30694      0.01%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |         231      0.00%    100.00% |         370      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489449335                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    480440852                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   480440852    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    480440852                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9008483                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.740709                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.273869                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.676776                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8976910     99.65%     99.65% |       30694      0.34%     99.99% |         170      0.00%     99.99% |         231      0.00%     99.99% |         370      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9008483                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167334478                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.074885                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011348                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.631353                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167331352    100.00%    100.00% |        2940      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167334478                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166691901                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166691901    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    166691901                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       642577                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.500840                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.886527                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.726092                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      639451     99.51%     99.51% |        2940      0.46%     99.97% |          19      0.00%     99.97% |          19      0.00%     99.98% |         110      0.02%     99.99% |          38      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       642577                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222014917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.019854                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.601187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2222012014    100.00%    100.00% |        2834      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2222014917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2219297762                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2219297762    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2219297762                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2717155                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.236113                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.076051                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.681096                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2714252     99.89%     99.89% |        2834      0.10%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2717155                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1411926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.209310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.028566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.975026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1411763     99.99%     99.99% |         155      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1411926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1399002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1399002    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1399002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12924                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.866760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.694123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.186431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12761     98.74%     98.74% |         155      1.20%     99.94% |           1      0.01%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.864760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.052196                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.426126                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      801049     99.93%     99.93% |         466      0.06%     99.99% |          23      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.00%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       801605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       791014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      791014    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       791014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10591                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.451421                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.038305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.250355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10035     94.75%     94.75% |         466      4.40%     99.15% |          23      0.22%     99.37% |          16      0.15%     99.52% |          40      0.38%     99.90% |          10      0.09%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10591                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       801605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       801605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       801605                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        4965     26.62%     26.62% |        4643     24.89%     51.51% |        4589     24.60%     76.12% |        4455     23.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        18652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       14213     26.91%     26.91% |       12851     24.33%     51.24% |       12871     24.37%     75.61% |       12880     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        52815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        3909     26.77%     26.77% |        3627     24.84%     51.60% |        3573     24.47%     76.07% |        3495     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        14604                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           5     25.00%     25.00% |           3     15.00%     40.00% |           8     40.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |       10420     26.45%     26.45% |        9691     24.60%     51.05% |        9616     24.41%     75.46% |        9669     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        39396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        3793     28.27%     28.27% |        3160     23.55%     51.81% |        3255     24.26%     76.07% |        3211     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        13419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        5685     26.40%     26.40% |        5363     24.91%     51.31% |        5309     24.66%     75.97% |        5175     24.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        21532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        3914     26.76%     26.76% |        3630     24.82%     51.59% |        3581     24.49%     76.07% |        3499     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        14624                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       41992     25.81%     25.81% |       40303     24.77%     50.58% |       40269     24.75%     75.33% |       40143     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       162707                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        4634     26.47%     26.47% |        4350     24.85%     51.33% |        4301     24.57%     75.90% |        4219     24.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        17504                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       23340     25.23%     25.23% |       23167     25.05%     50.28% |       23038     24.91%     75.19% |       22950     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92495                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         526     41.91%     41.91% |         358     28.53%     70.44% |         229     18.25%     88.69% |         142     11.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total         1255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          31     25.20%     25.20% |          30     24.39%     49.59% |          30     24.39%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        2209     25.02%     25.02% |        2283     25.86%     50.87% |        2219     25.13%     76.00% |        2119     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total         8830                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |       10420     26.45%     26.45% |        9691     24.60%     51.05% |        9616     24.41%     75.46% |        9669     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        39396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        3910     26.76%     26.76% |        3629     24.84%     51.61% |        3574     24.46%     76.07% |        3496     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        14609                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       22814     25.00%     25.00% |       22809     25.00%     50.00% |       22809     25.00%     75.00% |       22808     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         689     25.00%     25.00% |         689     25.00%     50.00% |         690     25.04%     75.04% |         688     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2756                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        2756     28.06%     28.06% |        2360     24.03%     52.09% |        2370     24.13%     76.22% |        2336     23.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total         9822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        3793     28.27%     28.27% |        3160     23.55%     51.81% |        3255     24.26%     76.07% |        3211     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        13419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           5     25.00%     25.00% |           3     15.00%     40.00% |           8     40.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        3909     26.77%     26.77% |        3627     24.84%     51.60% |        3573     24.47%     76.07% |        3495     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        14604                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           5     25.00%     25.00% |           3     15.00%     40.00% |           8     40.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         526     41.91%     41.91% |         358     28.53%     70.44% |         229     18.25%     88.69% |         142     11.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total         1255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          31     25.20%     25.20% |          30     24.39%     49.59% |          30     24.39%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |       10420     26.45%     26.45% |        9691     24.60%     51.05% |        9616     24.41%     75.46% |        9669     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        39396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |       10420     26.45%     26.45% |        9691     24.60%     51.05% |        9616     24.41%     75.46% |        9669     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        39396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        3793     28.27%     28.27% |        3160     23.55%     51.81% |        3255     24.26%     76.07% |        3211     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        13419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        3793     28.27%     28.27% |        3160     23.55%     51.81% |        3255     24.26%     76.07% |        3211     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        13419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        4965     26.62%     26.62% |        4643     24.89%     51.51% |        4589     24.60%     76.12% |        4455     23.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        18652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        4965     26.62%     26.62% |        4643     24.89%     51.51% |        4589     24.60%     76.12% |        4455     23.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        18652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        3909     26.77%     26.77% |        3627     24.84%     51.60% |        3573     24.47%     76.07% |        3495     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        14604                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           5     25.00%     25.00% |           3     15.00%     40.00% |           8     40.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       22814     25.00%     25.00% |       22809     25.00%     50.00% |       22809     25.00%     75.00% |       22808     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         719     25.01%     25.01% |         718     24.97%     49.98% |         719     25.01%     74.99% |         719     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2875                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |          31     25.20%     25.20% |          30     24.39%     49.59% |          30     24.39%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         526     41.91%     41.91% |         358     28.53%     70.44% |         229     18.25%     88.69% |         142     11.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total         1255                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92495                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92495                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92495                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92495                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13484388      2.76%      2.76% |   236261762     48.27%     51.03% |      733078      0.15%     51.18% |   238970528     48.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    489449756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68055523      3.06%      3.06% |  1085391361     48.85%     51.91% |     3499361      0.16%     52.07% |  1065068672     47.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2222014917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6697547      3.93%      3.93% |    81049563     47.58%     51.51% |      526438      0.31%     51.82% |    82076066     48.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170349614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      196218      1.59%      1.59% |     6270886     50.78%     52.37% |       56629      0.46%     52.83% |     5825651     47.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12349384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          18     27.27%     27.27% |          30     45.45%     72.73% |          11     16.67%     89.39% |           7     10.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        3148     19.08%     19.08% |        2527     15.31%     34.39% |        8564     51.90%     86.29% |        2262     13.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        16501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       38358     55.38%     55.38% |        6499      9.38%     64.76% |       18686     26.98%     91.74% |        5720      8.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        69263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         254     27.08%     27.08% |         346     36.89%     63.97% |         184     19.62%     83.58% |         154     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1956     18.68%     18.68% |        4098     39.13%     57.81% |         743      7.09%     64.90% |        3676     35.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        10473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       13686     50.70%     50.70% |        4777     17.70%     68.39% |        4269     15.81%     84.21% |        4264     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        26996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      176888      1.64%      1.64% |     5505340     50.89%     52.52% |       47326      0.44%     52.96% |     5089273     47.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     10818827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       30718      1.95%      1.95% |      777524     49.43%     51.39% |       17750      1.13%     52.52% |      746845     47.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1572837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      167828      1.56%      1.56% |     5471816     50.92%     52.48% |       44014      0.41%     52.89% |     5062279     47.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     10745937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       23814      1.50%      1.50% |      794911     50.13%     51.63% |        7868      0.50%     52.13% |      759177     47.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1585770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15986      2.40%      2.40% |      334806     50.26%     52.66% |        5589      0.84%     53.50% |      309711     46.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       666092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       30736      1.95%      1.95% |      777554     49.43%     51.39% |       17761      1.13%     52.52% |      746851     47.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1572902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       61996      0.69%      0.69% |     4139735     45.95%     46.64% |       22162      0.25%     46.89% |     4784590     53.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9008483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      129642      4.77%      4.77% |     1808353     66.55%     71.32% |       37336      1.37%     72.70% |      741824     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2717155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11729      1.81%      1.81% |      328345     50.64%     52.45% |        3986      0.61%     53.06% |      304354     46.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       648414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4576     25.89%     25.89% |        4159     23.53%     49.42% |        4747     26.86%     76.27% |        4194     23.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        17676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     5721555      2.09%      2.09% |   134334955     49.01%     51.10% |      173223      0.06%     51.16% |   133865351     48.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    274095084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    67925881      3.06%      3.06% |  1083583008     48.83%     51.89% |     3462025      0.16%     52.04% |  1064326848     47.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2219297762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4239     24.07%     24.07% |        6431     36.51%     60.58% |        1592      9.04%     69.62% |        5350     30.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        17612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      170367      1.58%      1.58% |     5494751     50.92%     52.50% |       45220      0.42%     52.92% |     5079884     47.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total     10790222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         716     38.23%     38.23% |         244     13.03%     51.25% |         339     18.10%     69.35% |         574     30.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         1873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1956     18.68%     18.68% |        4098     39.13%     57.81% |         743      7.09%     64.90% |        3676     35.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        10473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3248     33.82%     33.82% |        3165     32.95%     66.77% |        3006     31.30%     98.06% |         186      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         9605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          18     27.27%     27.27% |          30     45.45%     72.73% |          11     16.67%     89.39% |           7     10.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         152     20.54%     20.54% |         160     21.62%     42.16% |         254     34.32%     76.49% |         174     23.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        2348     17.83%     17.83% |        1692     12.85%     30.68% |        7605     57.74%     88.42% |        1525     11.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        13170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |       28581     74.31%     74.31% |        1367      3.55%     77.86% |        7708     20.04%     97.90% |         807      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        38463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       52025      1.93%      1.93% |     1288751     47.70%     49.63% |       41116      1.52%     51.15% |     1319830     48.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2701722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2530      2.27%      2.27% |       59492     53.36%     55.63% |        1783      1.60%     57.23% |       47683     42.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       111488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        8721      1.26%      1.26% |      331115     47.79%     49.04% |        1461      0.21%     49.26% |      351616     50.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       692913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         332     29.28%     29.28% |         194     17.11%     46.38% |         414     36.51%     82.89% |         194     17.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2518     17.91%     17.91% |        1874     13.33%     31.25% |        7964     56.66%     87.91% |        1700     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        14056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       16815      5.45%      5.45% |      157980     51.19%     56.64% |        8157      2.64%     59.28% |      125649     40.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       308601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         675      0.77%      0.77% |       50061     57.41%     58.18% |         616      0.71%     58.89% |       35849     41.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        87201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          10     11.63%     11.63% |          72     83.72%     95.35% |           4      4.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       14075      1.72%      1.72% |      392687     47.91%     49.63% |       11556      1.41%     51.04% |      401291     48.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       819609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     7627405      3.75%      3.75% |    96259027     47.38%     51.13% |      484785      0.24%     51.37% |    98812260     48.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    203183477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     6643567      3.95%      3.95% |    80001751     47.54%     51.49% |      508956      0.30%     51.79% |    81128676     48.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    168282950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       12402      1.46%      1.46% |      440701     51.98%     53.44% |        4947      0.58%     54.03% |      389783     45.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       847833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         468     21.37%     21.37% |         634     28.95%     50.32% |         545     24.89%     75.21% |         543     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6501     44.37%     44.37% |        2881     19.66%     64.03% |        2647     18.06%     82.09% |        2624     17.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        14653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         254     27.08%     27.08% |         346     36.89%     63.97% |         184     19.62%     83.58% |         154     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1344      0.94%      0.94% |       78020     54.80%     55.75% |         625      0.44%     56.19% |       62374     43.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       142363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       34789      2.89%      2.89% |      603453     50.21%     53.10% |        9494      0.79%     53.89% |      554147     46.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1201883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          32     24.24%     24.24% |          61     46.21%     70.45% |          24     18.18%     88.64% |          15     11.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       16661      2.21%      2.21% |      384867     51.09%     53.30% |        6205      0.82%     54.13% |      345560     45.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       753293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        6277     46.72%     46.72% |        2337     17.40%     64.12% |        2465     18.35%     82.47% |        2355     17.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        13434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       11729      1.81%      1.81% |      328345     50.64%     52.45% |        3986      0.61%     53.06% |      304354     46.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       648414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7279     56.84%     56.84% |        2080     16.24%     73.09% |        1636     12.78%     85.86% |        1810     14.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        12805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        4239     24.07%     24.07% |        6431     36.51%     60.58% |        1592      9.04%     69.62% |        5350     30.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        17612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          18     27.27%     27.27% |          30     45.45%     72.73% |          11     16.67%     89.39% |           7     10.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         130     17.17%     17.17% |         360     47.56%     64.73% |         168     22.19%     86.92% |          99     13.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       15986      2.40%      2.40% |      334806     50.26%     52.66% |        5589      0.84%     53.50% |      309711     46.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       666092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      176888      1.64%      1.64% |     5505340     50.89%     52.52% |       47326      0.44%     52.96% |     5089273     47.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10818827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       14750      1.63%      1.63% |      442748     48.82%     50.45% |       12172      1.34%     51.79% |      437141     48.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       906811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          95     24.55%     24.55% |           4      1.03%     25.58% |         288     74.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      167828      1.56%      1.56% |     5471816     50.92%     52.48% |       44014      0.41%     52.89% |     5062279     47.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total     10745937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2539      5.73%      5.73% |       22935     51.79%     57.52% |        1206      2.72%     60.25% |       17604     39.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        44284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         152     20.54%     20.54% |         160     21.62%     42.16% |         254     34.32%     76.49% |         174     23.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       21123      1.37%      1.37% |      771816     50.09%     51.46% |        6408      0.42%     51.88% |      741399     48.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1540746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       11725687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         666094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            740      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1540746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only     10351094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         439132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA           1255      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                  1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         18652      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             71467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        44284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1541486      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        14624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       21564764      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1572902      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        44987      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        52808      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         8852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         1873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         9545      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        42521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        28709      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1540746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        30831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         7632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        12487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        31984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS     10276228      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           91      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv                1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        29246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       428093      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX          164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only     10276365      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       428213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         1117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       892158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       630835      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           86      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        14604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        31984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       428213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        42521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock     10276364      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1540746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         1873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        30831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        14056      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        18689      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         7632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        12487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data         52815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock        52815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data          8943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         9709      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        18652      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        18652      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       630835      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock     10276228      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       892157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       428093      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        14604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          938      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.996511                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2996510882000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56147271676001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136115                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   228427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              263563658                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2228644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11369.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547521493                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597030624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4134016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4134016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       663872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         663872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        64594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              64594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        10373                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             10373                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1379610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1379610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       221548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              221548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1601158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1601158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      64594                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     10373                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    64594                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   10373                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4129664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 663168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4134016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              663872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             5935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             5035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             5193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            5745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            5678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2996511289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                64594                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               10373                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  64120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        25016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.590662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.285130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.321678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13654     54.58%     54.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6721     26.87%     81.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1277      5.10%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          612      2.45%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          552      2.21%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          344      1.38%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          269      1.08%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          240      0.96%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1347      5.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        25016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    120.258232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   485.532762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          554     96.01%     96.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           14      2.43%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.69%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.17%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.17%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.17%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.958406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.945762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.667970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              40      6.93%      6.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             500     86.66%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              20      3.47%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      2.60%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   457907249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1667769749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 322630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7096.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25846.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   45938                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3934                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  39971071.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   66.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                98121240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                53538375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              268671000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              35147520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         83478591900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1727130290250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2007048636045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.883504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2871297892750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25149328500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               104448960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                56991000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              272922000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              31998240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         84574648890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1726168836750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2007194121600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.931989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2869389832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  27057375000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4012416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4012416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       645824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         645824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        62694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              62694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        10091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             10091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1339029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1339029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       215525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              215525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1554555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1554555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      62694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     10091                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    62694                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   10091                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4007616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 645760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4012416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              645824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             5769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             5173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            5665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            5522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2996510150500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                62694                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               10091                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  62229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        23949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   194.300889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.231663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   255.689822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13033     54.42%     54.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6349     26.51%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1241      5.18%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          625      2.61%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          534      2.23%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          356      1.49%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          233      0.97%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          221      0.92%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1357      5.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        23949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    120.432143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   445.747398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          535     95.54%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           15      2.68%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.71%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.18%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.18%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.18%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.18%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.017857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.006029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.663138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              25      4.46%      4.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.18%      4.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             498     88.93%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              19      3.39%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              14      2.50%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.18%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.18%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   442480500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1616586750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 313095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7066.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25816.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   44669                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4090                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               40.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  41169336.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   67.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                93759120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                51158250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              260114400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              34298640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         83149183485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1727419245000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2006992034655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.864640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2871787750750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24662131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               100699200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                54945000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              266073600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              31084560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         84420691605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1726303887000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2007161656725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.921170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2869664898750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26782308750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4004224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4004224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       640192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         640192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        62566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              62566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        10003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             10003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1336295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1336295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       213646                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              213646                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1549941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1549941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      62566                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     10003                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    62566                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   10003                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4000512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 640000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4004224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              640192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             5748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             5323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            5682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            5608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2996506892500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                62566                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               10003                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  62108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        23795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   195.023156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.525639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   256.516888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12920     54.30%     54.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6320     26.56%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1235      5.19%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          635      2.67%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          481      2.02%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          378      1.59%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          267      1.12%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          196      0.82%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1363      5.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        23795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    121.281081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   550.919769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          550     99.10%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.18%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.18%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.18%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.018018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.008910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.576025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              20      3.60%      3.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.54%      4.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             496     89.37%     93.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      4.14%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      1.98%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.18%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   437790999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1609815999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 312540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7003.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               25753.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   44652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   4062                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               40.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  41291831.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   67.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                92723400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                50593125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              258796200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              33786720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         83105209125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1727457819000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2006983203330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.861697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2871840108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24607099000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               100608480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                54895500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              266471400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              31013280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         84342458250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1726372512750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2007152235420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.918030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2869747194750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26700012750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3984512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3984512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       619456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         619456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        62258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              62258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         9679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              9679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1329717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1329717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       206726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              206726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1536443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1536443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      62258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      9679                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    62258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    9679                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               3979584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   4928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 618944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                3984512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              619456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    77                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             5774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             5041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             5300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            5644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            5519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2996510415000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                62258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                9679                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  61777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        23222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   198.027388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.931339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   259.137582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12483     53.76%     53.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6199     26.69%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1225      5.28%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          610      2.63%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          466      2.01%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          402      1.73%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          301      1.30%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          183      0.79%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1353      5.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        23222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    124.767225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   556.764266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          530     98.70%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.56%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.19%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.19%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.009311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.998069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.642049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              24      4.47%      4.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.37%      4.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             479     89.20%     94.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              16      2.98%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      2.23%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.37%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.19%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   435631997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1601525747                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 310905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7005.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               25755.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   44632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   3999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               41.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  41654648.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   67.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                91113120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                49714500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              257844600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              32892480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         83070820170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1727487984750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2006974645380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.858845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2871889751000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24557359500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                97765920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                53344500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              265005000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              29775600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        195984275760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         84135610665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1726553958000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2007119735445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.907199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2870020566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100059960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26426654500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5993306473                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50972345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     90218441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             79654958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1391964                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6784350                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    79654958                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          162864591                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          59678709                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60253576                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25147187                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21345336                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14307291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7038045                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5799233209.693613                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              194073263.306386                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032382                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967618                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9215793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               225429      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59574614     66.03%     66.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  247083      0.27%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   840199      0.93%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.79%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14307291     15.86%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7038045      7.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  90218797                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5993180317                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  756283094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1258150089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            959827662                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             481235166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17387025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85550105                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   959827662                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    481235166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2018852300                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         648909624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           766572462                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          393677367                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           716016142                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          276717012                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    315847800                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  234148376                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  81699424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3039410983.378305                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2953769333.621694                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.492855                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.507145                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        114903014                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1636926      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                728373887     57.89%     58.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2115892      0.17%     58.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8193921      0.65%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              201566230     16.02%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415720      0.03%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               234148376     18.61%     93.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               81699424      6.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1258150392                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5993021764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4161050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8487200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8323302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     218644                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       657327                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8323302                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           16647772                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6817756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4882297                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2756678                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1920228                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1200214                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    720014                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5974457492.048006                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18564271.951994                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003098                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996902                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           943510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               102487      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6417491     75.61%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13917      0.16%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30845      0.36%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1200214     14.14%     91.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 720014      8.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8487430                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5993700119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  734524018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1237234148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            949098527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             466067580                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17531865                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82310252                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   949098527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    466067580                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2025961916                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         652318638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738357874                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          383021922                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           693518367                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          261274792                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316608872                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235317824                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81291048                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3118679589.927715                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2875020529.072285                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.479674                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.520326                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111573402                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1832329      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                715512554     57.83%     57.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2403841      0.19%     58.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10641156      0.86%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189641054     15.33%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594560      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235317824     19.02%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81291048      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1237234398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8019                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                8019                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9555                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9555                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               998                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              998                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8438                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         5968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14719                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         5052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8389                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    47579                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7647482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8460500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2931953                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3064102                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2914971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3024621                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1462405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4011500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy            11314500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             8472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3871500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5789461979                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000441                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5789460853    100.00%    100.00% |        1126      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5789461979                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5789461979                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.074396                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.389907                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5789359324    100.00%    100.00% |       98840      0.00%    100.00% |         637      0.00%    100.00% |         725      0.00%    100.00% |        1805      0.00%    100.00% |         645      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5789461979                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5764451541                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5764451541    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5764451541                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25010438                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.221290                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.456769                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.324549                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    24907783     99.59%     99.59% |       98840      0.40%     99.98% |         637      0.00%     99.99% |         725      0.00%     99.99% |        1805      0.01%    100.00% |         645      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     25010438                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     21236516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       118737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21355253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     71610643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       156025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     71766668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316777662                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4553016                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321330678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1096338199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1827995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1098166194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1868679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1920228                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5360324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        49037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5409361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316364871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5111822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321476693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1065472511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       750527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1066223038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12355846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       262862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12618708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.019507                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       274762                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        23029                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       232093                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        54081                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       505388                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2327                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       473375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2198096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1658088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16710696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4599216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       146344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3893832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4043104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       354272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3787000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.401732                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6381011                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91991                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6242424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61790                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12205                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       859865                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12709640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11875966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     51048088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6623352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    449454528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4448880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        97640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     61910280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    101677120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       124832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     95007728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.007781                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0       100586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73301                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        49935                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23313                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       165546                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        31667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1066                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       160046                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       804688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       636696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5277672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3595320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        63552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1678536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1324368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       253336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         8528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1280368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.368419                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5862349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        37046                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5808028                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        28617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       771514                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11688650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10935160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     46898792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2667312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    418178016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2060424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        75224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     55549008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     93509200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        91296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     87481280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.798779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12618708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1       160872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2       322221                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12355846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24466                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1745911                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     25069224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        74277                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0       102967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         9542                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23606676                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      1286976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     23199912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    889620912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    125705592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    200553792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       594216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       823736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        76336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    188853408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        41780                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        64625                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9621                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        43336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        42308                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       334240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4653000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       692712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       346688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       338464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003225                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39885                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        62724                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9339                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        42597                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        40243                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       319080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4516128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       672408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       340776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       321944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003214                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39757                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        62596                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9251                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        42292                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          259                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        39986                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       318056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4506912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       666072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       338336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       319888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.003184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39450                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2        62290                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8927                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        41557                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        39592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       315600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4484880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       642744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       332456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       316736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.003896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          940                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       764040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.146643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12618708                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1       160872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2       413461                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12355846                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2       102580                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36156                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1745911                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     25069224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       169782                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0       102967                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11690                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23606676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      1286976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     29769192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    889620912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      7385760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       289248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    125705592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    200553792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1358256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       823736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        93520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    188853408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     38338740                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1240383                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     37067538                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       307740                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       108468                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5237733                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     75735066                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       313041                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        32925                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     70820028                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    306709920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     89307576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   2668862736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     22157280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       867744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    377116776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    605880528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2504328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       263400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    566560224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        23029                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       232093                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19617                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15710                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       252694                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2327                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1658088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16710696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1412424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       125680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2021552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       354272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015756                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       274762                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        44261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2583                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        54081                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       252694                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       473375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2198096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3186792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3893832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2021552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3787000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.532365                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6242424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        46428                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6354820                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6620688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    449454528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3342816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        59648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50838560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       124832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.271098                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6381011                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15362                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4749                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       859865                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6354820                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11875966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     51048088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1106064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     61910280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50838560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     95007728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008566                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73301                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18355                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6694                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82773                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        31667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1066                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       636696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5277672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1321560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       662184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       253336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         8528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006997                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       100586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31580                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23313                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82773                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       160046                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       804688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2273760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1678536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       662184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1280368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.489117                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        37046                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5808028                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5355                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5844325                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2667312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    418178016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1241280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46754600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        91296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.247721                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5862349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11377                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       771514                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5844325                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10935160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     46898792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       819144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        32384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     55549008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46754600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     87481280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.546172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12618708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       160909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1708773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12534612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        37138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23444547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     11585448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    123031656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    100276896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       297104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    187556376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     1.051385                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       160872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       161312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12355846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23526                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        37138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12534612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        37139                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0       102967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         9542                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       162129                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      1286976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     11614464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    889620912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       188208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2673936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    100276896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       297112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       823736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        76336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1297032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001714                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        41780                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9621                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        33715                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        42308                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       334240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       692712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       269720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       338464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        64594                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9621                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4650768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        76968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39885                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9339                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        33258                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        40243                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       319080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       672408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       266064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       321944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004795                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        62694                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9339                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4513968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        74712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001644                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39757                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9251                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        33041                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        39986                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       318056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       666072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       264328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       319888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        62566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9251                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          259                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4504752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        74008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001611                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39450                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8927                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        32630                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        39592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       315600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       642744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       261040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       316736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004757                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        62258                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         8927                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4482576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        71416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          940                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000822                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       764040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        23029                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       232093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19617                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       252694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44284                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1658088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16710696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1412424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       125680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2021552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       354272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.532365                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91954                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6242424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        46428                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6354820                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15604                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4403                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6620688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    449454528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3342816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        59648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50838560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       124832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73301                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        31667                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       636696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5277672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1321560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       662184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       253336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         8528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.489117                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        37046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5808028                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5844325                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11412                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2667312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    418178016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1241280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46754600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        91296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.546172                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12618708                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2       160909                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          940                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1708773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12534612                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        37138                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23444547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     11585448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    123031656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    100276896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       297104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    187556376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001714                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        41780                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9621                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        33715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        42308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       334240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       692712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       269720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       338464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.001656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39885                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        33258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        40243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       319080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       672408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       266064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       321944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.001644                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9251                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        33041                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        39986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       318056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       666072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       264328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       319888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.001611                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1        39450                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8927                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        32630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        39592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       315600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       642744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       261040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       316736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.006970                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          940                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982419164                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.314698                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.054088                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.785772                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982343145     99.99%     99.99% |       73578      0.01%    100.00% |         410      0.00%    100.00% |         527      0.00%    100.00% |        1118      0.00%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982419164                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    964293335                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   964293335    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    964293335                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18125829                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.056632                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.375417                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.621494                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18049810     99.58%     99.58% |       73578      0.41%     99.99% |         410      0.00%     99.99% |         527      0.00%     99.99% |        1118      0.01%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18125829                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337230549                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.085264                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011779                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.058252                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337216772    100.00%    100.00% |       12933      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |         430      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337230549                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335903620                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335903620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    335903620                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1326929                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.669283                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.611551                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.676806                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1313152     98.96%     98.96% |       12933      0.97%     99.94% |         145      0.01%     99.95% |          98      0.01%     99.95% |         430      0.03%     99.99% |         171      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1326929                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4463580178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.020227                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.635025                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4463569568    100.00%    100.00% |       10333      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4463580178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4458079439                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4458079439    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4458079439                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5500739                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.413529                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.129542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.625693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5490129     99.81%     99.81% |       10333      0.19%     99.99% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5500739                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2943236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.233399                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.030448                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.358767                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2942695     99.98%     99.98% |         519      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2943236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2914797                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2914797    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2914797                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28439                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.155104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.290752                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.284264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       27898     98.10%     98.10% |         519      1.82%     99.92% |           5      0.02%     99.94% |           4      0.01%     99.95% |           7      0.02%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28439                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.106359                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.068447                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.741752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1642718     99.90%     99.90% |        1477      0.09%     99.99% |          54      0.00%     99.99% |          44      0.00%     99.99% |         103      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1615924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1615924    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1615924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28502                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.831486                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.593510                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.854177                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       26794     94.01%     94.01% |        1477      5.18%     99.19% |          54      0.19%     99.38% |          44      0.15%     99.53% |         103      0.36%     99.89% |          28      0.10%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28502                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644426    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644426    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1644426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       12220     25.71%     25.71% |       11900     25.04%     50.75% |       11813     24.86%     75.61% |       11592     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        47525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       29560     26.08%     26.08% |       27985     24.69%     50.77% |       27944     24.65%     75.42% |       27858     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       113347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        9601     25.89%     25.89% |        9332     25.17%     51.06% |        9224     24.88%     75.94% |        8920     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        37077                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          20     32.26%     32.26% |           7     11.29%     43.55% |          27     43.55%     87.10% |           8     12.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           62                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |       20980     25.87%     25.87% |       20093     24.78%     50.66% |       20020     24.69%     75.35% |       19990     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        81083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        8580     26.59%     26.59% |        7892     24.46%     51.05% |        7924     24.56%     75.61% |        7868     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        32264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       12972     25.67%     25.67% |       12652     25.04%     50.71% |       12565     24.86%     75.57% |       12344     24.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        50533                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        9621     25.91%     25.91% |        9339     25.15%     51.05% |        9251     24.91%     75.96% |        8927     24.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        37138                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       64594     25.62%     25.62% |       62694     24.87%     50.49% |       62566     24.82%     75.31% |       62258     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       252112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       10373     25.84%     25.84% |       10091     25.14%     50.97% |       10003     24.92%     75.89% |        9679     24.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        40146                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       23342     25.24%     25.24% |       23167     25.05%     50.28% |       23038     24.91%     75.19% |       22950     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         528     42.00%     42.00% |         358     28.48%     70.49% |         229     18.22%     88.70% |         142     11.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total         1257                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          31     25.20%     25.20% |          30     24.39%     49.59% |          30     24.39%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        6211     24.90%     24.90% |        6365     25.51%     50.41% |        6287     25.20%     75.61% |        6084     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        24947                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |       20980     25.87%     25.87% |       20093     24.78%     50.66% |       20020     24.69%     75.35% |       19990     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        81083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        9602     25.89%     25.89% |        9334     25.17%     51.07% |        9225     24.88%     75.94% |        8920     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        37081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       22814     25.00%     25.00% |       22809     25.00%     50.00% |       22809     25.00%     75.00% |       22808     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         721     25.00%     25.00% |         721     25.00%     50.00% |         722     25.03%     75.03% |         720     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        6009     26.61%     26.61% |        5535     24.52%     51.13% |        5526     24.48%     75.60% |        5508     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total        22578                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        8580     26.59%     26.59% |        7892     24.46%     51.05% |        7924     24.56%     75.61% |        7868     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        32264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          20     32.26%     32.26% |           7     11.29%     43.55% |          27     43.55%     87.10% |           8     12.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           62                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        9601     25.89%     25.89% |        9332     25.17%     51.06% |        9224     24.88%     75.94% |        8920     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        37077                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          20     32.26%     32.26% |           7     11.29%     43.55% |          27     43.55%     87.10% |           8     12.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           62                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         528     42.00%     42.00% |         358     28.48%     70.49% |         229     18.22%     88.70% |         142     11.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total         1257                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          31     25.20%     25.20% |          30     24.39%     49.59% |          30     24.39%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |       20980     25.87%     25.87% |       20093     24.78%     50.66% |       20020     24.69%     75.35% |       19990     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        81083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |       20980     25.87%     25.87% |       20093     24.78%     50.66% |       20020     24.69%     75.35% |       19990     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        81083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        8580     26.59%     26.59% |        7892     24.46%     51.05% |        7924     24.56%     75.61% |        7868     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        32264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        8580     26.59%     26.59% |        7892     24.46%     51.05% |        7924     24.56%     75.61% |        7868     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        32264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       12220     25.71%     25.71% |       11900     25.04%     50.75% |       11813     24.86%     75.61% |       11592     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        47525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |       12220     25.71%     25.71% |       11900     25.04%     50.75% |       11813     24.86%     75.61% |       11592     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        47525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        9601     25.90%     25.90% |        9332     25.17%     51.07% |        9224     24.88%     75.94% |        8919     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        37076                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          20     32.26%     32.26% |           7     11.29%     43.55% |          27     43.55%     87.10% |           8     12.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           62                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       22814     25.00%     25.00% |       22809     25.00%     50.00% |       22809     25.00%     75.00% |       22808     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         751     25.01%     25.01% |         750     24.98%     49.98% |         751     25.01%     74.99% |         751     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         3003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |          31     25.20%     25.20% |          30     24.39%     49.59% |          30     24.39%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         528     42.00%     42.00% |         358     28.48%     70.49% |         229     18.22%     88.70% |         142     11.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total         1257                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    14136112      2.87%      2.87% |   238492925     48.38%     51.25% |     1122813      0.23%     51.47% |   239218722     48.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    492970572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    71766676      3.20%      3.20% |  1098166194     48.99%     52.19% |     5409361      0.24%     52.43% |  1066223038     47.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241565269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7219350      4.17%      4.17% |    82837989     47.85%     52.02% |      797419      0.46%     52.48% |    82258265     47.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173113023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      258123      2.06%      2.06% |     6360776     50.65%     52.71% |       88965      0.71%     53.42% |     5849433     46.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12557297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          23      6.57%      6.57% |         205     58.57%     65.14% |          87     24.86%     90.00% |          35     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        4050     17.34%     17.34% |        5441     23.29%     40.63% |       10428     44.64%     85.27% |        3440     14.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        23359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       40828     49.68%     49.68% |       10485     12.76%     62.44% |       22106     26.90%     89.33% |        8766     10.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        82185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         256     27.23%     27.23% |         346     36.81%     64.04% |         184     19.57%     83.62% |         154     16.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2327     19.91%     19.91% |        4403     37.66%     57.57% |        1066      9.12%     66.69% |        3894     33.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        11690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15710     44.61%     44.61% |        7456     21.17%     65.78% |        6694     19.01%     84.79% |        5355     15.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        35215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      220401      2.01%      2.01% |     5572087     50.82%     52.83% |       66536      0.61%     53.44% |     5104719     46.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     10963743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       54338      3.28%      3.28% |      808719     48.88%     52.16% |       33963      2.05%     54.21% |      757595     45.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1654615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      198613      1.83%      1.83% |     5494955     50.76%     52.59% |       59460      0.55%     53.14% |     5072811     46.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     10825839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       54081      3.16%      3.16% |      859865     50.32%     53.49% |       23313      1.36%     54.85% |      771514     45.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1708773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       31003      4.32%      4.32% |      354739     49.42%     53.74% |       15386      2.14%     55.88% |      316650     44.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       717778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       54361      3.28%      3.28% |      808924     48.88%     52.16% |       34050      2.06%     54.22% |      757630     45.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1654965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       87734      0.96%      0.96% |     4198277     46.05%     47.01% |       36163      0.40%     47.41% |     4795172     52.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9117346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      156025      5.61%      5.61% |     1827995     65.67%     71.28% |       49037      1.76%     73.04% |      750527     26.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2783584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       22691      3.29%      3.29% |      343279     49.79%     53.08% |       13240      1.92%     55.00% |      310227     45.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       689437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5398     23.84%     23.84% |        5952     26.28%     50.12% |        6192     27.34%     77.47% |        5103     22.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     5895298      2.14%      2.14% |   134851460     49.05%     51.19% |      265782      0.10%     51.29% |   133931757     48.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    274944297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    71610643      3.20%      3.20% |  1096338199     48.97%     52.17% |     5360324      0.24%     52.41% |  1065472511     47.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2238781677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8289     29.61%     29.61% |       11255     40.21%     69.82% |        2059      7.36%     77.18% |        6388     22.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        27991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      209810      1.92%      1.92% |     5556259     50.86%     52.78% |       63470      0.58%     53.37% |     5094239     46.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total     10923778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1280     35.54%     35.54% |         571     15.85%     51.39% |         706     19.60%     70.99% |        1045     29.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         3602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2327     19.91%     19.91% |        4403     37.67%     57.58% |        1066      9.12%     66.70% |        3893     33.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        11689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3294     24.21%     24.21% |        5849     42.99%     67.19% |        3907     28.71%     95.91% |         557      4.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        13607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          23      6.57%      6.57% |         205     58.57%     65.14% |          87     24.86%     90.00% |          35     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         215     18.52%     18.52% |         296     25.50%     44.01% |         394     33.94%     77.95% |         256     22.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total         1161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        2424     17.35%     17.35% |        2102     15.05%     32.40% |        7760     55.55%     87.95% |        1683     12.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        13969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |       28681     73.51%     73.51% |        1531      3.92%     77.43% |        7848     20.11%     97.54% |         958      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        39018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      110336      3.84%      3.84% |     1342383     46.74%     50.58% |       75232      2.62%     53.20% |     1344050     46.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2872001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        6800      5.42%      5.42% |       64614     51.51%     56.93% |        4866      3.88%     60.81% |       49161     39.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       125441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       11915      1.69%      1.69% |      334802     47.59%     49.28% |        3699      0.53%     49.81% |      353139     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       703555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         364     19.45%     19.45% |         672     35.92%     55.37% |         571     30.52%     85.89% |         264     14.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2642     17.08%     17.08% |        2587     16.73%     33.81% |        8241     53.28%     87.09% |        1997     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        15467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       23033      7.03%      7.03% |      164083     50.10%     57.13% |       12745      3.89%     61.02% |      127665     38.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       327526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1662      1.83%      1.83% |       51542     56.76%     58.59% |        1294      1.43%     60.02% |       36303     39.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        90801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |          28     90.32%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |           3      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           8      8.16%      8.16% |           3      3.06%     11.22% |          78     79.59%     90.82% |           9      9.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           98                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          20      3.40%      3.40% |         270     45.84%     49.24% |         230     39.05%     88.29% |          69     11.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       21696      2.56%      2.56% |      402643     47.57%     50.14% |       17370      2.05%     52.19% |      404677     47.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       846386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     8013663      3.90%      3.90% |    97848668     47.60%     51.50% |      726383      0.35%     51.86% |    98955986     48.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    205544700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     7074501      4.14%      4.14% |    81682870     47.84%     51.98% |      720095      0.42%     52.40% |    81271079     47.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    170748545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       30754      3.39%      3.39% |      463463     51.15%     54.54% |       15210      1.68%     56.22% |      396691     43.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       906118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1254     17.01%     17.01% |        2645     35.88%     52.89% |        1992     27.02%     79.91% |        1481     20.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         7372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7360     36.12%     36.12% |        4945     24.27%     60.38% |        4278     20.99%     81.38% |        3795     18.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        20378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         256     27.23%     27.23% |         346     36.81%     64.04% |         184     19.57%     83.62% |         154     16.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2545      1.69%      1.69% |       81969     54.52%     56.21% |        2597      1.73%     57.94% |       63241     42.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       150352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      105384      7.37%      7.37% |      684224     47.83%     55.20% |       55778      3.90%     59.10% |      585072     40.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1430458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           4     44.44%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     38.78%     38.78% |          27     55.10%     93.88% |           3      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         845     26.99%     26.99% |         581     18.56%     45.54% |         803     25.65%     71.19% |         902     28.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         3131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       32665      4.04%      4.04% |      406281     50.25%     54.29% |       16680      2.06%     56.35% |      352953     43.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       808579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7779     39.89%     39.89% |        4279     21.94%     61.84% |        4241     21.75%     83.58% |        3201     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        19500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       22691      3.29%      3.29% |      343279     49.79%     53.08% |       13240      1.92%     55.00% |      310228     45.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       689438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7470     55.23%     55.23% |        2232     16.50%     71.73% |        1856     13.72%     85.45% |        1968     14.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        8289     29.61%     29.61% |       11255     40.21%     69.82% |        2059      7.36%     77.18% |        6387     22.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        27990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          23      6.57%      6.57% |         205     58.57%     65.14% |          87     24.86%     90.00% |          35     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         461     21.06%     21.06% |         945     43.17%     64.23% |         597     27.27%     91.50% |         186      8.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       31003      4.32%      4.32% |      354739     49.42%     53.74% |       15386      2.14%     55.88% |      316650     44.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       717778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      220401      2.01%      2.01% |     5572087     50.82%     52.83% |       66536      0.61%     53.44% |     5104719     46.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10963743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       23358      2.49%      2.49% |      454185     48.46%     50.95% |       18664      1.99%     52.95% |      440980     47.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       937187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |         196     28.20%     28.20% |         202     29.06%     57.27% |           4      0.58%     57.84% |         293     42.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      198613      1.83%      1.83% |     5494955     50.76%     52.59% |       59460      0.55%     53.14% |     5072811     46.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total     10825839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       11197     11.43%     11.43% |       61304     62.59%     74.03% |        4010      4.09%     78.12% |       21428     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        97939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         215     18.52%     18.52% |         296     25.50%     44.01% |         394     33.94%     77.95% |         256     22.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          13     27.08%     27.08% |          34     70.83%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       42669      2.65%      2.65% |      798265     49.59%     52.24% |       18909      1.17%     53.42% |      749830     46.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1609673                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       11901790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         717804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO           1161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1609673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only     10457631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         466152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA           1257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                  1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         47525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            160872      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        97939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1610834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        37138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       21789582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1654965      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       123976      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       113340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        25450      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        18171      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        94540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3399      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        35845      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         9218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1609673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        31200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         7818      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        13452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        32722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         2023      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS     10331335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv                1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        84059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           62      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       453423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only     10330037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       453288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       916809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       646563      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           86      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        37077      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        32722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         2023      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       453288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3399      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        94540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock     10330037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1609673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        31200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        15467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        30451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         7818      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS          157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        13452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        113347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       113347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         27754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        19771      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        47525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        47525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       646563      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock     10331335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       916809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       453423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        37076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           62      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          940      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
