
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.406740                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2406740188500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55237358812501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 154954                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   280885                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284035342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1980424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8473.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312987943                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2380048134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43314304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          43314304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42942656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       42942656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       676786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             676786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       670979                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            670979                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17997083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             17997083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17842664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            17842664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     35839747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            35839747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     676786                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    670979                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   676786                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  670979                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              38306880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                5007424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               39676416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               43314304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            42942656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 78241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                51041                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            42616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            34884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            35006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            35138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            32552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            31831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            37214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            37428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            33929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            36658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           38607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           47124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           36508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           38428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            45517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            36068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            37752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            36089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            33226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            32168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            38786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            38388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            34967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            37574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           42347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           40242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           49322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           36831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           38907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2406740139000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               676786                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              670979                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 597826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  3554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  3649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 38097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 38299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 38309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 38310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 38314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 38337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 38330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 38333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 38348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 38304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 38296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 38291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 38290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 38288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 38287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 38287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       502150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   155.298297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.425061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.061372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       284942     56.74%     56.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       123672     24.63%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        38432      7.65%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23151      4.61%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13991      2.79%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8718      1.74%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5792      1.15%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2151      0.43%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1301      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       502150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.633218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.303748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.697532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         38204     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           67      0.17%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        38287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.192023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.181697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.597935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           34671     90.56%     90.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.03%     90.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            3480      9.09%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             120      0.31%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        38287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 10447130242                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21669848992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2992725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17454.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36204.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       15.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       16.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    18.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    17.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  282494                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 433841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                47.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               69.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1785726.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1904742000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1039293750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2359422000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2033825760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        390020184090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1111637024250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1667248701210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           688.111673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1842880062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 483493620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2042999280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1114731750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2562245400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2196143280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        412813234080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1091643120750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1670626683900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           689.505844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1810239979001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 516133944249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     35110784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          35110784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     34743232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       34743232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       548606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             548606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       542863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            542863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14588523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             14588523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14435805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            14435805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29024328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            29024328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     548606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    542863                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   548606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  542863                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              31690240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                3420544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               32460352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               35110784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            34743232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 53446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                35664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            34592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            28595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            26003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            27858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            27623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            27074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            30454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            31728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            29438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            30859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           32343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           32313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           33441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           38356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           31303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           33180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            36092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            29550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            28363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            28599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            27165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            30993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            32043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            30344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            31483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           33502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           33965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           33566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           40453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           31314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           33095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2406740625500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               548606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              542863                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 494640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  2488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  2510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 31270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 31395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 31394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 31400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 31393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 31416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 31407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 31410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 31391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 31382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 31382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 31381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 31380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 31380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 31380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       389330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   164.771274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.882175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.488593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       220712     56.69%     56.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        83319     21.40%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35044      9.00%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20483      5.26%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16363      4.20%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7059      1.81%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3865      0.99%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1283      0.33%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1202      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       389330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.779382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.431603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.134686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         31312     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           57      0.18%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            7      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.162938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.153999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.556674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           28871     92.00%     92.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.04%     92.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2403      7.66%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              85      0.27%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8077064494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            17361314494                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2475800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16312.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35062.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       13.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       13.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    14.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    14.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  275607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 337414                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                55.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2205047.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1457704080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               795374250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1947909600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1655218800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        292014393210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1197607016250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1653731825550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           682.532949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1986596272750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 339777231750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1632128400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               890546250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2164687200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1842276960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        316758466845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1175901688500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1657444003515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           684.065050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1951100760750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 375271767000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41311360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41311360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     40946112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       40946112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       645490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             645490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       639783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            639783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     17164861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             17164861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     17013100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            17013100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     34177961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            34177961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     645490                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    639783                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   645490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  639783                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              38433920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                2877440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               39683584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41311360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            40946112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 44960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                19727                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            41193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            37355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            36360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            34506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            32627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            32040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            37548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            38900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            33396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            36382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           39865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           39253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           46421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           36064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           38536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            42728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            38497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            37448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            35379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            33512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            32488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            39034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            39942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            36076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            37466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           40504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           42246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           41042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           48463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           36308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           38923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2406740139000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               645490                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              639783                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 599774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  3581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  3637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 38239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 38319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 38299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 38308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 38300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 38307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 38306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 38318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 38366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 38327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 38291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 38288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 38290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 38285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 38286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 38285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       506840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.125799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.375571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.325605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       291904     57.59%     57.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       122041     24.08%     81.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37386      7.38%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23373      4.61%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13866      2.74%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8863      1.75%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5883      1.16%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2150      0.42%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1374      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       506840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.685752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.368906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.576356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         38201     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           67      0.18%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        38285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.195795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.185022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.611515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           34658     90.53%     90.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              27      0.07%     90.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            3337      8.72%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             257      0.67%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        38285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 10534042736                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21793980236                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3002650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17541.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               36291.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       15.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       16.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    17.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    17.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  281167                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 432574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                46.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1872551.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   58.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1941604560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1059407250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2388531600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2039528160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        389270592765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1112294571750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1667248445445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           688.111562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1843721029750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 482649945000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              2035817280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1110813000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2545561200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2187570240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        411563563515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1092739323000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1670436857595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           689.427498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1812002388251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 514369012999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     35263424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          35263424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     34898048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       34898048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       550991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             550991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       545282                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            545282                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14651945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             14651945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14500131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            14500131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     29152076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            29152076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     550991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    545282                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   550991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  545282                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              32399104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                2864320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               33143040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               35263424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            34898048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 44755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                27414                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            34107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            27577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            31997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            28151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            26758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            26927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            32055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            31287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            30508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            32129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           33666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           33296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           34313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           38962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           31124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           33379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            36104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            29552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            33272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            29209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            26773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            26827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            32406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            31132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            31232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           34448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           34884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           34238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           40991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           30907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           33248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2406740139000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               550991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              545282                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 505589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  2706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  2732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 31896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 32036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 32041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 32048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 32057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 32034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 32058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 32057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 32047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 32024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 32025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 32022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 32019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 32018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 32017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 32016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       408780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   160.335829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.524824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.982910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       235168     57.53%     57.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89118     21.80%     79.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        34565      8.46%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20601      5.04%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16239      3.97%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6722      1.64%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3785      0.93%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1342      0.33%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1240      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       408780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.811750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.429630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.497421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         31953     99.80%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           49      0.15%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.175037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.165374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.579117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           29291     91.49%     91.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              12      0.04%     91.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            2557      7.99%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             148      0.46%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  8272373488                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17764298488                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2531180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    16340.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35090.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       13.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       13.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    14.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    14.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  276622                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 338693                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                54.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               65.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   2195383.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   60.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1522523520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               830742000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1982689800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1689044400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        297915056865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1192430995500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1654625261445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           682.901691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1977695719250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 348678807750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1708136640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               932019000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2212875600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1873095840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        158254209360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        322241411700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1171092087750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1658313835890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           684.424050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1942944254252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80366260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 383427784498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4815085336                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297409813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348648266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506678464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     803696                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160858554                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506678464                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2940060162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033758218                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938955218                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528039669                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388316707                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349934913                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38381794                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              32589869.821901                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4782495466.178099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.993232                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.006768                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166252424                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901355      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228735652     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265836      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      699      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349934913     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38381794      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348664593                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4810290618                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5180547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10394399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10209247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     264623                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       903392                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10209247                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           20144239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8306732                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6690547                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3555241                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2282166                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1482685                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    799481                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4772220704.615170                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              38069913.384829                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007914                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992086                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1219685                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                75787      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8000700     76.97%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11826      0.11%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22575      0.22%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1482685     14.26%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 799481      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10394488                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4815080105                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1957400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4188812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4100894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     110708                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       324626                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4100894                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8206361                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3389003                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2513673                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1282338                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       951027                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     591606                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    359421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4798742227.039524                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              16337877.960476                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996607                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           471167                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                73237      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3131044     74.75%     76.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7618      0.18%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25878      0.62%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  591606     14.12%     91.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 359421      8.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4188834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4814966443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3690287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7585864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7370461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     167182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       603428                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7370461                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14369212                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6079895                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4604664                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2811824                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1546615                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     960917                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    585698                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4785894148.295389                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              29072294.704611                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           831063                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                79305      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5924417     78.10%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8451      0.11%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26917      0.35%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  960917     12.67%     92.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 585698      7.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7585949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  404                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 404                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               56                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1609500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                27996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1696960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1564988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1496490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1474989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               77960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1340500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1246000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5782003                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001610                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.115315                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5780609     99.98%     99.98% |         182      0.00%     99.98% |         164      0.00%     99.98% |         425      0.01%     99.99% |         524      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5782003                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2274048508                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001962                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044255                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269585947     99.80%     99.80% |     4462561      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2274048508                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2274048508                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.140877                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.005820                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.795245                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273783233     99.99%     99.99% |       98771      0.00%     99.99% |      121086      0.01%    100.00% |       23452      0.00%    100.00% |       16698      0.00%    100.00% |        4229      0.00%    100.00% |         439      0.00%    100.00% |         568      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2274048508                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271157509                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271157509    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271157509                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2890999                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.813189                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.034984                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.310785                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2625724     90.82%     90.82% |       98771      3.42%     94.24% |      121086      4.19%     98.43% |       23452      0.81%     99.24% |       16698      0.58%     99.82% |        4229      0.15%     99.96% |         439      0.02%     99.98% |         568      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2890999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       492045                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      2398954                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits   2252827783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      2252246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   2255080029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           622                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8749789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       249447                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8999236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3346633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       169241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3515874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6233304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       220065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6453369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.233952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      2252246                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      2182652                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2321842                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2252258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     18017968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    157150944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    167172624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18018064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.025939                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       249447                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2       111867                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       387558                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250010                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      1995576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2      8054424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27904176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.017566                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       169241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        25751                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       312465                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      1353928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      1854072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22497480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1351808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.022843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       220065                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        78637                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       361179                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      1760520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      5661864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26004888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1758080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.071244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2       790641                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2       670979                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       671000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       790647                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2      6325128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2     48310488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48312000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6325176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.058007                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2       669812                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2       542863                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       542865                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       669820                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2      5358496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2     39086136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39086280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5358560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.067919                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2       751944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2       639783                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       639788                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       751948                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2      6015552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2     46064376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46064736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6015584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.058323                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2       678602                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2       545282                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       545301                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       678589                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2      5428816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2     39260304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39261672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5428712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001193                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.055699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      2890999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      2398907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2890999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2891004                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     23127992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    172721304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    208151928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23128032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         8672997                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            7196721                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8741910                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8741925                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         69383976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           518163912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    629417520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     69935400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.233952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2252246                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2252258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    162161712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18018064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.233952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      2252246                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      2182652                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69596                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     18017968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    157150944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5010912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025917                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       249447                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250010                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17960184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025961                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       249447                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       111867                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       138111                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1995576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8054424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9943992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017577                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12185352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1351808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017555                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       169241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        25751                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       143224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1353928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1854072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10312128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       220065                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15844680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1758080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       220065                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        78637                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       141114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1760520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5661864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10160208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.071001                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       790641                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       670979                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      6325128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     48310488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.071486                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       671000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       790647                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48312000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6325176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.057768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       669812                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       542863                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      5358496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     39086136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.058246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       542865                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       669820                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39086280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5358560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.067682                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       751944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       639783                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      6015552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     46064376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.068157                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       639788                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       751948                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46064736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6015584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.058085                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       678602                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       545282                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      5428816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     39260304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.058560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       545301                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       678589                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39261672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5428712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002148                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000239                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.233952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2252246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2252258                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    162161712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18018064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025917                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       249447                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250010                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17960184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.017577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12185352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1351808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.022856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       220065                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15844680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1758080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.071001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2       790641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2       670979                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2      6325128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2     48310488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.057768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2       669812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2       542863                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2      5358496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     39086136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.067682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2       751944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2       639783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2      6015552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2     46064376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.058085                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2       678602                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2       545282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2      5428816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2     39260304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002148                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2890999                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000239                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.039923                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2890885    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2890999                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       2891004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002981                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.158105                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     2889724     99.96%     99.96% |         171      0.01%     99.96% |         148      0.01%     99.97% |         380      0.01%     99.98% |         482      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         2891004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356459157                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.632999                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024407                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.410279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356267733     99.95%     99.95% |       65803      0.02%     99.96% |       92258      0.03%     99.99% |       17198      0.00%    100.00% |       12476      0.00%    100.00% |        2931      0.00%    100.00% |         309      0.00%    100.00% |         424      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356459157                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354630562                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354630562    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    354630562                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1828595                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.394409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.022819                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.316986                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1637171     89.53%     89.53% |       65803      3.60%     93.13% |       92258      5.05%     98.18% |       17198      0.94%     99.12% |       12476      0.68%     99.80% |        2931      0.16%     99.96% |         309      0.02%     99.98% |         424      0.02%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1828595                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39964897                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.521626                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.059744                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.101328                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39909755     99.86%     99.86% |       19653      0.05%     99.91% |       25022      0.06%     99.97% |        5643      0.01%     99.99% |        3474      0.01%    100.00% |        1099      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39964897                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39475791                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39475791    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39475791                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       489106                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.332184                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.599325                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.904320                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      433964     88.73%     88.73% |       19653      4.02%     92.74% |       25022      5.12%     97.86% |        5643      1.15%     99.01% |        3474      0.71%     99.72% |        1099      0.22%     99.95% |         115      0.02%     99.97% |         129      0.03%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       489106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875966652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.016896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001171                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.209272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875950352    100.00%    100.00% |       11952      0.00%    100.00% |        3021      0.00%    100.00% |         523      0.00%    100.00% |         611      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875966652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875411917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875411917    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875411917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       554735                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.139218                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.313474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.003875                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      538435     97.06%     97.06% |       11952      2.15%     99.22% |        3021      0.54%     99.76% |         523      0.09%     99.86% |         611      0.11%     99.97% |         167      0.03%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       554735                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1235602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.588117                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023583                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.819232                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1234697     99.93%     99.93% |         570      0.05%     99.97% |         244      0.02%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1235602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1229366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1229366    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1229366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.529506                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.340201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.795936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5331     85.49%     85.49% |         570      9.14%     94.63% |         244      3.91%     98.54% |          40      0.64%     99.18% |          40      0.64%     99.82% |          10      0.16%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.044060                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.315140                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.318580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      209596     99.29%     99.29% |         793      0.38%     99.66% |         541      0.26%     99.92% |          48      0.02%     99.94% |          97      0.05%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       211100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       198773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      198773    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       198773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.629594                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.992376                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.866405                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10823     87.80%     87.80% |         793      6.43%     94.23% |         541      4.39%     98.62% |          48      0.39%     99.01% |          97      0.79%     99.80% |          22      0.18%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       211100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       211100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       211100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       492045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.735990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.710367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.565604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      401861     81.67%     81.67% |       90179     18.33%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       492045                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2398954                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.366161                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.830267                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.058558                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2133680     88.94%     88.94% |       98770      4.12%     93.06% |      121086      5.05%     98.11% |       23452      0.98%     99.08% |       16698      0.70%     99.78% |        4229      0.18%     99.96% |         439      0.02%     99.97% |         568      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2398954                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        86665                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.915618                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.884985                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.726873                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       66948     77.25%     77.25% |       19716     22.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        86665                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1741930                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.298908                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.915680                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.159040                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1550507     89.01%     89.01% |       65802      3.78%     92.79% |       92258      5.30%     98.08% |       17198      0.99%     99.07% |       12476      0.72%     99.79% |        2931      0.17%     99.96% |         309      0.02%     99.97% |         424      0.02%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1741930                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          968                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.545455                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.526252                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.340638                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         116     11.98%     11.98% |         852     88.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          968                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       488138                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.484455                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.794780                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.904379                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      432996     88.70%     88.70% |       19653      4.03%     92.73% |       25022      5.13%     97.86% |        5643      1.16%     99.01% |        3474      0.71%     99.72% |        1099      0.23%     99.95% |         115      0.02%     99.97% |         129      0.03%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       488138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       402542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.685265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.661146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.515445                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      333802     82.92%     82.92% |       68736     17.08%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       402542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       152193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.079228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    74.962113                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.021887                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      135893     89.29%     89.29% |       11952      7.85%     97.14% |        3021      1.98%     99.13% |         523      0.34%     99.47% |         611      0.40%     99.87% |         167      0.11%     99.98% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       152193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          726                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.771350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.729159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.994490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         405     55.79%     55.79% |         321     44.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          726                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5510                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.852632                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.222207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.729002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4605     83.58%     83.58% |         570     10.34%     93.92% |         244      4.43%     98.35% |          40      0.73%     99.07% |          40      0.73%     99.80% |          10      0.18%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5510                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1144                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.942308                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.899424                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.009207                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         590     51.57%     51.57% |         554     48.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1144                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.269963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.812086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.271932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9679     86.55%     86.55% |         793      7.09%     93.64% |         541      4.84%     98.48% |          48      0.43%     98.91% |          97      0.87%     99.78% |          22      0.20%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11183                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      790649     27.35%     27.35% |      669814     23.17%     50.52% |      751960     26.01%     76.53% |      678608     23.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2891031                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      670979     27.97%     27.97% |      542863     22.63%     50.60% |      639783     26.67%     77.27% |      545282     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2398907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5813     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.04%     50.34% |        5711     24.86%     75.20% |        5696     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      676786     27.94%     27.94% |      548606     22.65%     50.60% |      645490     26.65%     77.25% |      550991     22.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2421873                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      670979     27.97%     27.97% |      542863     22.63%     50.60% |      639783     26.67%     77.27% |      545282     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2398907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      671000     27.97%     27.97% |      542865     22.63%     50.60% |      639788     26.67%     77.27% |      545301     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      2398954                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5786     25.25%     25.25% |        5741     25.05%     50.29% |        5702     24.88%     75.17% |        5690     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22919                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      119641     24.32%     24.32% |      126947     25.80%     50.11% |      112156     22.79%     72.91% |      133301     27.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       492045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      670952     27.97%     27.97% |      542853     22.63%     50.60% |      639774     26.67%     77.27% |      545276     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2398855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          27     51.92%     51.92% |          10     19.23%     71.15% |           9     17.31%     88.46% |           6     11.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          27     51.92%     51.92% |          10     19.23%     71.15% |           9     17.31%     88.46% |           6     11.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          27     51.92%     51.92% |          10     19.23%     71.15% |           9     17.31%     88.46% |           6     11.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |           6     20.69%     20.69% |           2      6.90%     27.59% |          16     55.17%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      671000     27.97%     27.97% |      542865     22.63%     50.60% |      639788     26.67%     77.27% |      545301     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2398954                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      670952     27.97%     27.97% |      542853     22.63%     50.60% |      639774     26.67%     77.27% |      545276     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2398855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |        5786     25.25%     25.25% |        5741     25.05%     50.29% |        5702     24.88%     75.17% |        5690     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22919                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353714553     99.23%     99.23% |     1355208      0.38%     99.61% |      549490      0.15%     99.76% |      839906      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356459157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861781071     99.24%     99.24% |     6715352      0.36%     99.60% |     2565310      0.14%     99.74% |     4904919      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875966652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39584405     95.10%     95.10% |      928676      2.23%     97.33% |      401074      0.96%     98.30% |      708544      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41622699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     2252246     77.91%     77.91% |      249447      8.63%     86.53% |      169241      5.85%     92.39% |      220065      7.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2890999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       69596     14.14%     14.14% |      138111     28.07%     42.21% |      143224     29.11%     71.32% |      141114     28.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       492045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          20     19.23%     19.23% |          64     61.54%     80.77% |           2      1.92%     82.69% |          18     17.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     2215899     89.47%     89.47% |      126020      5.09%     94.56% |       40850      1.65%     96.21% |       93881      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      2476650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     2182652     90.99%     90.99% |      111867      4.66%     95.65% |       25751      1.07%     96.72% |       78637      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2398907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1621980     88.70%     88.70% |       97626      5.34%     94.04% |       36972      2.02%     96.06% |       72017      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1828595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      152808     27.55%     27.55% |      135853     24.49%     52.04% |      129049     23.26%     75.30% |      137025     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       554735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      477458     94.05%     94.05% |       15968      3.15%     97.19% |        3220      0.63%     97.83% |       11023      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       507669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       33257     42.75%     42.75% |       14185     18.23%     60.98% |       15100     19.41%     80.39% |       15253     19.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        77795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   352092573     99.28%     99.28% |     1257582      0.35%     99.64% |      512518      0.14%     99.78% |      767889      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    354630562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1861628263     99.27%     99.27% |     6579499      0.35%     99.62% |     2436261      0.13%     99.75% |     4767894      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1875411917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    39106947     95.12%     95.12% |      912708      2.22%     97.34% |      397854      0.97%     98.30% |      697521      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     41115030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       69596     14.14%     14.14% |      138111     28.07%     42.21% |      143224     29.11%     71.32% |      141114     28.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       492045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          10     19.23%     19.23% |          32     61.54%     80.77% |           1      1.92%     82.69% |           9     17.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     2182642     90.99%     90.99% |      111835      4.66%     95.65% |       25750      1.07%     96.72% |       78628      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      2398855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          10     19.23%     19.23% |          32     61.54%     80.77% |           1      1.92%     82.69% |           9     17.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     2182652     90.99%     90.99% |      111867      4.66%     95.65% |       25751      1.07%     96.72% |       78637      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2398907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1774788     74.47%     74.47% |      233479      9.80%     84.26% |      166021      6.97%     91.23% |      209042      8.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2383330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      477458     94.05%     94.05% |       15968      3.15%     97.19% |        3220      0.63%     97.83% |       11023      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       507669                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.568211                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2568211255000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55398829879001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 154147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   279608                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284724142                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2285576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9020.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390403582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2522067462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50361536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          50361536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49992768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       49992768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       786899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             786899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       781137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            781137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19609577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             19609577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19465987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            19465987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39075564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            39075564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     786899                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    781137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   786899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  781137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              44629952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                5731584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               46571072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               50361536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            49992768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 89556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                53471                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            50046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            42151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            40368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            39380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            38787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            43784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            43797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            39691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           45789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           43585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           46256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           54769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           44404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            53636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            44192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            43701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            40769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            39587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            45927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            45353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            41387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            43082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           47045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           47079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           58349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           42818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           45177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2568210861000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               786899                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              781137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 695426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  4401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  4524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 44511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 44931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 44969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 44956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 44970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 44992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 44980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 44981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 44991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 44944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 44929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 44921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 44914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 44910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 44908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 44908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       604876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.776186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.129511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.373872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       350597     57.96%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       147127     24.32%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45282      7.49%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26782      4.43%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15411      2.55%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9405      1.55%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6191      1.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2511      0.42%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1570      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       604876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.528391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.195650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.216126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         44792     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          100      0.22%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        44908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.203639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.192699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.615539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           40423     90.01%     90.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              22      0.05%     90.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            4274      9.52%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             182      0.41%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        44908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12233054216                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            25308235466                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3486715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17542.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36292.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       17.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       18.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    19.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    19.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  328672                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 491465                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                47.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1637851.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2302541640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1256347125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2767291800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2403736560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        433541982330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1170342759750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1781415385845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           689.294317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1940278019001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 542175641499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2421823320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1321431375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2925000000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2524329360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        454141493910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1152273012750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1784407817355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           690.452198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1910851993251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 571601616499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43156032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          43156032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42789824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       42789824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       674313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             674313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       668591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            668591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     16803926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             16803926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     16661333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            16661333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     33465259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            33465259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     674313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    668591                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   674313                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  668591                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              39082880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                4073152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               40407488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               43156032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            42789824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 63643                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                37226                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            42861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            37436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            32655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            34004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            36376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            35700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            37897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            39132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            36127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            37278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           38293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           38320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           46780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           37643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           39633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            39572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            33516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            34697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            38196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            36911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            39077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            39882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            37602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            38214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           39885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           40112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           41023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           49918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           37844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           39708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2568210481500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               674313                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              668591                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 608938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  3317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  3357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 38747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 39059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 39071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 39067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 39070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 39112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 39084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 39114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 39089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 39053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 39042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 39036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 39039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 39035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 39032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 39032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       495595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   160.393418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.649552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.526704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       284994     57.51%     57.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107374     21.67%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42809      8.64%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24756      5.00%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20173      4.07%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8057      1.63%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4302      0.87%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1643      0.33%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1487      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       495595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.645445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.301320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.306919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         38929     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           92      0.24%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            7      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        39032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.175625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.166010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.577411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           35678     91.41%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              20      0.05%     91.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            3179      8.14%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             144      0.37%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              10      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        39032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 10051846459                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21501908959                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3053350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16460.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35210.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       15.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       15.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    16.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    16.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  337282                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 409157                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                55.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1912430.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   60.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1887406920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1029835125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2432570400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2093202000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        335355014385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1256471679000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1768070434470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           684.130671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2084258471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 398193143750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2005796520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1094432625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2581012200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2208941280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        358111989360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1236509420250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1771312318875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           685.385074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2051678054001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 430772921749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     48302208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          48302208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     47939008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       47939008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       754722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             754722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       749047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            749047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18807724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             18807724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18666302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            18666302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     37474026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            37474026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     754722                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    749047                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   754722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  749047                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              44689088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                3613120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               46494016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               48302208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            47939008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 56455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                22580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            48787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            45326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            41739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            39202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            39507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            39971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            43720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            45158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            38645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            41835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           44760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           44291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           46492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           53891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           43803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            51243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            47813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            43020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            40227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            41289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            45954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            46517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            41888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            43509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           45631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           47733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           47746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           56728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           41571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           44572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2568211203500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               754722                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              749047                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 696408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  4426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  4503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 44621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 44873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 44863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 44871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 44852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 44869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 44889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 44886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 44922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 44883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 44843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 44833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 44833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 44825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 44825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 44824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       608625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   149.818203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.251026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.633800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       357396     58.72%     58.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       144919     23.81%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        44069      7.24%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26937      4.43%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15295      2.51%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9602      1.58%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6317      1.04%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2473      0.41%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1617      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       608625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.578016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.257207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.101646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         44717     99.76%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           90      0.20%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        44824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.207143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.195785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.627932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           40339     89.99%     89.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              34      0.08%     90.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            4109      9.17%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             335      0.75%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        44824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12306086964                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            25398593214                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3491335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17623.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               36373.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       17.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       18.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    18.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    18.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  326652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 489458                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                46.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               67.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1707849.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              2349224640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1281819000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2801011200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2415808800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        433290332745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1170563505000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1781502428025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           689.327997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1940390666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 542063038000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              2397767400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1308305625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2895461400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2500962480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        453173495400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1153122134250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1784198853195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           690.371342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1912201796751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 570249965999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42809856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          42809856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42445440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       42445440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       668904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             668904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       663210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            663210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     16669133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             16669133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     16527239                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            16527239                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     33196372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            33196372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     668904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    663210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   668904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  663210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              39476480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                3333376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               40615040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               42809856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            42445440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 52084                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                28592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            41594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            35999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            38272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            34007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            33978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            35378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            39114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            38061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            37106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            38096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           39607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           38990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           41725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           47570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           37275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           40048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            44330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            38956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            39679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            35251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            34522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            35772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            39771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            38407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            38136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            38770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           40570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           40795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           41943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           50322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           37304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           40082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2568211375000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               668904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              663210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 615080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  3389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  3431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 38954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 39261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 39266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 39276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 39292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 39271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 39292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 39284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 39268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 39237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 39243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 39235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 39229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 39226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 39223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 39222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       507915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.686605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.128569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.696577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       295135     58.11%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111135     21.88%     79.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41614      8.19%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24739      4.87%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20139      3.97%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7710      1.52%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4202      0.83%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1663      0.33%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1578      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       507915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.726200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.346983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.789760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         39114     99.72%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           94      0.24%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        39222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.179950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.170015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.587251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           35794     91.26%     91.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              24      0.06%     91.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            3189      8.13%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             206      0.53%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        39222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 10150274970                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21715649970                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3084100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    16455.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35205.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       15.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       15.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    16.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    16.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  336300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 407213                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                54.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1927921.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1909867680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1042090500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2431517400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2087000640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        341003947230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1251516474750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1768791624840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           684.409725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2075724511000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 406726166500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2070245520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1129598250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2626587600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2231679600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        168800726640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        363539827755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1231748158500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1772146823865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           685.707974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2043602663002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85758140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 438849012748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5135048655                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1298845042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2351367894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1509364465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130315406                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     857816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161073074                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1509364465                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130315406                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2945405306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1035901111                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382525054                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075422405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           940393493                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528956044                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388926540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350291413                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38635127                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              345138182.113961                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4789910472.886039                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.932788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.067212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166555024                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3914089      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1230817334     52.34%     52.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4267908      0.18%     52.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2852      0.00%     52.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723455684     30.77%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350291413     14.90%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38635127      1.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2351384423                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5133624620                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78243990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    144192853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142961746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1322040                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4274199                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10400752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142961746                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1322040                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          296177656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         114003207                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              341167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             991807                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71877526                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43670410                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35380886                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23418378                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11962508                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4793302537.836237                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              340322082.163763                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.066293                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.933707                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16866063                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               127925      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107934306     74.85%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   57756      0.04%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    29973      0.02%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 662809      0.46%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23418378     16.24%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11962508      8.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 144193719                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5137436141                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3842535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7729001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7590528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21749                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     185577                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       587524                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7590528                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        21749                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15368949                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6134240                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               34925                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16983                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4339423                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2280694                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1848498                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1107845                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    740653                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5108187940.269467                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              29248200.730533                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005693                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994307                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           848141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                92760      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5734214     74.19%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9577      0.12%     75.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    27847      0.36%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  16264      0.21%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1107845     14.33%     90.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 740653      9.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7729160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5137908576                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4722119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      9546921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9298667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     214904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       747095                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9298667                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18341236                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7621504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                9130                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               4391                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5621048                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3448995                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2036068                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1256559                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    779509                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5099795903.476827                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              38112672.523173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007418                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992582                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1038965                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                93171      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7375179     77.25%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   10139      0.11%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    28457      0.30%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4192      0.04%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1256559     13.16%     91.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 779509      8.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   9547206                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1540                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1540                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3841                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3841                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          365                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3527                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14749                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               266478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1893500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1856955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1778947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1693482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1662985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              134458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2028500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3100500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               12658924                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.004727                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.195686                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12650079     99.93%     99.93% |         919      0.01%     99.94% |        1027      0.01%     99.95% |        2912      0.02%     99.97% |        3246      0.03%     99.99% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 12658924                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4684232404                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043610                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4675306574     99.81%     99.81% |     8925830      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4684232404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4684232404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.150017                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.006190                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.948974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4683624756     99.99%     99.99% |      243654      0.01%     99.99% |      265602      0.01%    100.00% |       50274      0.00%    100.00% |       36436      0.00%    100.00% |        9351      0.00%    100.00% |         994      0.00%    100.00% |        1266      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4684232404                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4677902941                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4677902941    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4677902941                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6329463                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.022474                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.261804                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.267052                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5721815     90.40%     90.40% |      243654      3.85%     94.25% |      265602      4.20%     98.45% |       50274      0.79%     99.24% |       36436      0.58%     99.82% |        9351      0.15%     99.96% |         994      0.02%     99.98% |        1266      0.02%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6329463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1068590                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      5260873                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits   2255286016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      2303167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   2257589183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           622                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    136680414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       628486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    137308900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6750010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       231568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6981578                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8028992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       275243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8304235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.224208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      2303167                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      2217967                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2388540                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2303351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     18425336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    159693624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    171974880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18426808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.061196                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       628486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2       475463                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       781847                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       628857                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      5027888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2     34233336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     56292984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5030856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.022529                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       231568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        58503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       404375                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       231311                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      1852544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      4212216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29115000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1850488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.026778                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       275243                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2       109925                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       440247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       274938                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      2201944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      7914600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     31697784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2199504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.077655                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2       918287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2       781106                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       781113                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       918309                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2      7346296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2     56239632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     56240136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7346472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.066762                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2       812508                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2       668559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       668572                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       812505                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2      6500064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2     48136248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48137184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6500040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.074582                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2       891940                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2       749015                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       749020                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       891944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2      7135520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2     53929080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     53929440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7135552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.066320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2       815729                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2       663178                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       663214                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       815699                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2      6525832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2     47748816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47751408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6525592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001119                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.062115                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      3438464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      2861858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3438464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3438457                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     27507712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    206053776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    247569408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27507656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        10315392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            8585574                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     10384311                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10385058                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         82523136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           618161328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    747670392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     83080464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.224201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2303167                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2303351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    165828024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18426808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.224215                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      2303167                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      2217967                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        85373                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     18425336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    159693624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6146856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061183                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       628486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       628857                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45250992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5030856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.061209                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       628486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       475463                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       153361                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      5027888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     34233336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11041992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022539                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       231568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       231311                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16672896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1850488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022519                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       231568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        58503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       172807                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1852544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4212216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12442104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026790                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       275243                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       274938                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19817496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2199504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026766                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       275243                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       109925                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       165004                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2201944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      7914600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11880288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.077428                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       918287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       781106                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      7346296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     56239632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.077882                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       781113                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       918309                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     56240136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7346472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.066538                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       812508                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       668559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      6500064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     48136248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.066987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       668572                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       812505                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48137184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6500040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.074359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       891940                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       749015                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      7135520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     53929080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.074805                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       749020                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       891944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     53929440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7135552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.066097                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       815729                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       663178                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      6525832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     47748816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.066544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       663214                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       815699                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47751408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6525592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000225                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.224201                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2303167                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2303351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    165828024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18426808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.061183                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       628486                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       628857                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45250992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5030856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.022539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       231568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       231311                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16672896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1850488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.026790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       275243                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       274938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19817496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2199504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.077428                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2       918287                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2       781106                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2      7346296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2     56239632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.066538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2       812508                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2       668559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2      6500064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     48136248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.074359                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2       891940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2       749015                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2      7135520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2     53929080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.066097                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2       815729                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2       663178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2      6525832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2     47748816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002014                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6329463                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000490                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.056345                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6328922     99.99%     99.99% |          76      0.00%     99.99% |         104      0.00%     99.99% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6329463                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       6329461                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.008964                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.270878                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     6321157     99.87%     99.87% |         843      0.01%     99.88% |         923      0.01%     99.90% |        2733      0.04%     99.94% |        3065      0.05%     99.99% |         210      0.00%     99.99% |         103      0.00%     99.99% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         6329461                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735229430                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.659401                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.025437                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.621370                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   734806535     99.94%     99.94% |      153525      0.02%     99.96% |      198167      0.03%     99.99% |       36587      0.00%    100.00% |       26624      0.00%    100.00% |        6338      0.00%    100.00% |         676      0.00%    100.00% |         925      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735229430                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731301239                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731301239    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    731301239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3928191                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.418358                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.105392                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.228925                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3505296     89.23%     89.23% |      153525      3.91%     93.14% |      198167      5.04%     98.19% |       36587      0.93%     99.12% |       26624      0.68%     99.80% |        6338      0.16%     99.96% |         676      0.02%     99.98% |         925      0.02%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3928191                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91739598                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.432871                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.056120                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.632041                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91617175     99.87%     99.87% |       46058      0.05%     99.92% |       54170      0.06%     99.98% |       11730      0.01%     99.99% |        7538      0.01%    100.00% |        2369      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91739598                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90683092                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90683092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90683092                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1056506                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.420463                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.576763                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.918190                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      934083     88.41%     88.41% |       46058      4.36%     92.77% |       54170      5.13%     97.90% |       11730      1.11%     99.01% |        7538      0.71%     99.72% |        2369      0.22%     99.95% |         259      0.02%     99.97% |         283      0.03%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1056506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852904264                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.020907                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.439554                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852848999    100.00%    100.00% |       39834      0.00%    100.00% |       11140      0.00%    100.00% |        1710      0.00%    100.00% |        1927      0.00%    100.00% |         549      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852904264                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3851608974                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3851608974    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3851608974                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1295290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.188135                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.360425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.938957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1240025     95.73%     95.73% |       39834      3.08%     98.81% |       11140      0.86%     99.67% |        1710      0.13%     99.80% |        1927      0.15%     99.95% |         549      0.04%     99.99% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1295290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3153952                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.584835                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023638                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.805428                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3151385     99.92%     99.92% |        1746      0.06%     99.97% |         590      0.02%     99.99% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3153952                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3137918                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3137918    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3137918                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16034                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.039479                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.053350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.801936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13467     83.99%     83.99% |        1746     10.89%     94.88% |         590      3.68%     98.56% |         100      0.62%     99.18% |          97      0.60%     99.79% |          29      0.18%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16034                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.728700                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.297648                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.745508                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      598082     99.25%     99.25% |        2491      0.41%     99.67% |        1535      0.25%     99.92% |         147      0.02%     99.95% |         250      0.04%     99.99% |          66      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       602580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       569138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      569138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       569138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.242151                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.380107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.736761                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       28944     86.55%     86.55% |        2491      7.45%     94.00% |        1535      4.59%     98.59% |         147      0.44%     99.03% |         250      0.75%     99.78% |          66      0.20%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602580    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       602580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       602580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602580    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       602580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1068590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.776629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.749139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.624305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      864912     80.94%     80.94% |      203661     19.06%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1068590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5260873                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.478349                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.963453                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.975017                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4653227     88.45%     88.45% |      243652      4.63%     93.08% |      265602      5.05%     98.13% |       50274      0.96%     99.09% |       36436      0.69%     99.78% |        9351      0.18%     99.96% |         994      0.02%     99.97% |        1266      0.02%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5260873                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       186299                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.962496                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.930635                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.759503                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      141878     76.16%     76.16% |       44416     23.84%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       186299                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3741892                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.324470                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.004057                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.067404                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3318999     88.70%     88.70% |      153523      4.10%     92.80% |      198167      5.30%     98.10% |       36587      0.98%     99.07% |       26624      0.71%     99.79% |        6338      0.17%     99.96% |         676      0.02%     99.97% |         925      0.02%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3741892                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2775                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.536577                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.517118                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.349255                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         338     12.18%     12.18% |        2437     87.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2775                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1053731                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.622937                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.836349                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.917983                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      931308     88.38%     88.38% |       46058      4.37%     92.75% |       54170      5.14%     97.89% |       11730      1.11%     99.01% |        7538      0.72%     99.72% |        2369      0.22%     99.95% |         259      0.02%     99.97% |         283      0.03%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1053731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       875146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.722939                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.696852                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.580056                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      720341     82.31%     82.31% |      154793     17.69%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       875146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       420144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    99.567560                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    82.553959                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.561655                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      364879     86.85%     86.85% |       39834      9.48%     96.33% |       11140      2.65%     98.98% |        1710      0.41%     99.39% |        1927      0.46%     99.84% |         549      0.13%     99.98% |          53      0.01%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       420144                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1623                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.650647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.609126                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.979070                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         956     58.90%     58.90% |         667     41.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1623                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14411                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.854209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.830472                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.087390                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       11844     82.19%     82.19% |        1746     12.12%     94.30% |         590      4.09%     98.40% |         100      0.69%     99.09% |          97      0.67%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14411                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.971605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.928819                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.006162                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1399     50.93%     50.93% |        1348     49.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.978368                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.985071                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.286546                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       26197     85.35%     85.35% |        2491      8.12%     93.46% |        1535      5.00%     98.46% |         147      0.48%     98.94% |         250      0.81%     99.76% |          66      0.22%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30695                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      918306     26.71%     26.71% |      812511     23.63%     50.34% |      891958     25.94%     76.28% |      815743     23.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      3438518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      781105     27.29%     27.29% |      668559     23.36%     50.65% |      749015     26.17%     76.83% |      663178     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2861857                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5815     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.03%     50.35% |        5711     24.86%     75.21% |        5696     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      786899     27.28%     27.28% |      674313     23.37%     50.65% |      754722     26.16%     76.81% |      668904     23.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2884838                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      781137     27.29%     27.29% |      668591     23.36%     50.65% |      749047     26.17%     76.83% |      663210     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2861985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      781113     27.29%     27.29% |      668572     23.36%     50.65% |      749020     26.17%     76.83% |      663214     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      2861919                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5786     25.25%     25.25% |        5741     25.05%     50.29% |        5702     24.88%     75.17% |        5690     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22919                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      137174     23.79%     23.79% |      143936     24.97%     48.76% |      142920     24.79%     73.55% |      152515     26.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       576545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      781076     27.29%     27.29% |      668549     23.36%     50.65% |      749006     26.17%     76.83% |      663172     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2861803                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          29     53.70%     53.70% |          10     18.52%     72.22% |           9     16.67%     88.89% |           6     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           54                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          29     53.70%     53.70% |          10     18.52%     72.22% |           9     16.67%     88.89% |           6     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           54                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          29     53.70%     53.70% |          10     18.52%     72.22% |           9     16.67%     88.89% |           6     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           54                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          15     31.91%     31.91% |           2      4.26%     36.17% |          18     38.30%     74.47% |          12     25.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           47                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      781113     27.29%     27.29% |      668572     23.36%     50.65% |      749020     26.17%     76.83% |      663214     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2861919                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      781076     27.29%     27.29% |      668549     23.36%     50.65% |      749006     26.17%     76.83% |      663172     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2861803                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |        5786     25.25%     25.25% |        5741     25.05%     50.29% |        5702     24.88%     75.17% |        5690     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22919                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354063556     93.48%     93.48% |    22534565      5.95%     99.43% |     1048654      0.28%     99.70% |     1123498      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378770273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1863674074     94.27%     94.27% |   101871781      5.15%     99.42% |     5128585      0.26%     99.68% |     6263172      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976937612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39851553     73.15%     73.15% |    12902554     23.68%     96.84% |      804339      1.48%     98.32% |      917565      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54476011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     2303167     66.98%     66.98% |      628486     18.28%     85.26% |      231568      6.73%     92.00% |      275243      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      3438464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       85373     14.81%     14.81% |      153361     26.60%     41.41% |      172807     29.97%     71.38% |      165004     28.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       576545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          22     20.37%     20.37% |          66     61.11%     81.48% |           2      1.85%     83.33% |          18     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     2254172     76.25%     76.25% |      494691     16.73%     92.98% |       79104      2.68%     95.66% |      128392      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      2956359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     2217967     77.50%     77.50% |      475462     16.61%     94.11% |       58503      2.04%     96.16% |      109925      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2861857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1639297     78.08%     78.08% |      316520     15.08%     93.15% |       54959      2.62%     95.77% |       88820      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2099596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      179788     24.28%     24.28% |      229131     30.94%     55.22% |      164246     22.18%     77.40% |      167390     22.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       740555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      484082     80.91%     80.91% |       82835     13.84%     94.75% |       12363      2.07%     96.82% |       19033      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       598313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       36216     38.30%     38.30% |       19261     20.37%     58.67% |       20602     21.79%     80.46% |       18476     19.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        94555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   352424259     93.56%     93.56% |    22218045      5.90%     99.46% |      993695      0.26%     99.73% |     1034678      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    376670677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1863494286     94.30%     94.30% |   101642650      5.14%     99.44% |     4964339      0.25%     99.69% |     6095782      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1976197057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    39367471     73.07%     73.07% |    12819719     23.79%     96.86% |      791976      1.47%     98.33% |      898532      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53877698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       85373     14.81%     14.81% |      153360     26.60%     41.41% |      172807     29.97%     71.38% |      165004     28.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       576544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          11     20.37%     20.37% |          33     61.11%     81.48% |           1      1.85%     83.33% |           9     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     2217956     77.50%     77.50% |      475430     16.61%     94.11% |       58502      2.04%     96.16% |      109916      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      2861804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          11     20.37%     20.37% |          33     61.11%     81.48% |           1      1.85%     83.33% |           9     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     2217967     77.50%     77.50% |      475462     16.61%     94.11% |       58503      2.04%     96.16% |      109925      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2861857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1819085     64.05%     64.05% |      545651     19.21%     83.26% |      219205      7.72%     90.98% |      256210      9.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2840151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      484082     80.91%     80.91% |       82835     13.84%     94.75% |       12363      2.07%     96.82% |       19033      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       598313                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
