
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462852                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462851719500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52369992422501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 138218                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249447                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              237985431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1818160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1944.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268815646                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485142397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        42816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          42816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       256220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               256220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        92505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               92505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       348725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              348725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1853                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       669                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     1853                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     669                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                117056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  41408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 118592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               42816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 462843914500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 1853                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 669                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.960159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.578795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.788729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          628     62.55%     62.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          211     21.02%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           82      8.17%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      1.59%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      1.29%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.90%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      1.20%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.80%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      2.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    152.777778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   678.672575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           31     86.11%     86.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      8.33%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.972222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.936334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.158475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               6     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              22     61.11%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               7     19.44%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    18496250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               52790000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   9145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10112.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28862.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     937                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               80.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 183522567.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 8520120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 4648875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               20209800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               2928960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         11836997910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        269337855750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          311661191415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.511087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446404557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    990758500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                10289160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 5614125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               23431200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               1263600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         11973684195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        269217947250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          311682259530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.556297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446197611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1200306250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       111680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            111680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        41216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          41216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       241287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               241287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        89048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               89048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       330335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              330335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1745                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       644                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     1745                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     644                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                110016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  40384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 111680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               41216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 462851508500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 1745                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 644                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.068966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.074172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   208.314082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          579     62.39%     62.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          183     19.72%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           81      8.73%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           26      2.80%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      0.86%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.65%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      1.19%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.65%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      3.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    156.314286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   685.124238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           29     82.86%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      8.57%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      2.86%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.86%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.028571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.002996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.954424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               5     14.29%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              19     54.29%     68.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              11     31.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    17719000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               49950250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   8595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10307.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29057.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     890                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               82.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 193742782.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   60.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                 8164800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 4455000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               19780800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               2844720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         11759514390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        269405815500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          311650605210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.488399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446465295000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    930513500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                10183320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 5556375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               22986600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               1244160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         11990960325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        269202792750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          311683753530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.559502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446218956250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1178961250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       109888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            109888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        39168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          39168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       237415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               237415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        84623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               84623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       322038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              322038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1717                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       612                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     1717                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                108736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  38208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 109888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               39168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 462857379500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 1717                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 612                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples          872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.366972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.040243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   213.810249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127          535     61.35%     61.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          169     19.38%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84      9.63%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           23      2.64%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           12      1.38%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.80%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.92%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.69%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      3.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total          872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    164.181818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   698.908321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           28     84.85%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      6.06%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      3.03%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.090909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.067549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.913908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               4     12.12%     12.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              18     54.55%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              11     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    16403500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               48259750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                   8495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9654.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28404.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                     907                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    516                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                53.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               84.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 198736530.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   61.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                 7922880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 4323000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               19554600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               2792880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         11770559280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        269396135250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          311651317890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.489908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446465391500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    933207250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                 9759960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 5325375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               22721400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               1075680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         11894076000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        269287779000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          311670767415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.531647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446317008500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1080909000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       116480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            116480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        39680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          39680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       251657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               251657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        85729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               85729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       337387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              337387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1820                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     1820                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                115200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  38592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 116480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               39680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10              62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 462843929000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 1820                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   164.973205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.757885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   208.077807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127          577     61.84%     61.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          180     19.29%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383           83      8.90%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           29      3.11%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           16      1.71%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.54%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      1.07%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.75%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      2.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    161.454545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   704.956075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           28     84.85%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      9.09%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.272727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.241213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.097518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               3      9.09%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              19     57.58%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               9     27.27%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      3.03%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      3.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    20190000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat               53940000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                   9000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    11216.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29966.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                     950                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    521                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                52.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               84.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 189690134.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   60.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                 8187480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 4467375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               20007000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               2760480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         11810156895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        269361400500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          311657009730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.502117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446415241000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    980226500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                 9994320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 5453250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               23220600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               1146960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         30450030000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         11940768405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        269246820750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          311677434285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.545947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446278464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15455700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1119453250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       929124152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     399062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       841617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               826597                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      24779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55371                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      826597                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1671707                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            674654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              444260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             257676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       201066                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     122717                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     78349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              927333321.786037                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1790830.213963                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001927                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998073                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            87648                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 9667      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   626513     74.44%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1677      0.20%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2478      0.29%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  122717     14.58%     90.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  78349      9.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    841640                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       927605853                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265728066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479152343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269524736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9863996                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14996102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269524736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512458103                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176032611                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106884219                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82957243                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84017677                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62863645                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21154032                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3573403.644047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              924032449.355953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996148                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003852                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27043301                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10597      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244752127     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2384      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1733      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62863645     13.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21154032      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479152440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       923424215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     367279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       778062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               763046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        56124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      763046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1539120                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            627523                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              434865                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             233855                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       183402                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     113503                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     69899                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              921697170.745659                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1727044.254341                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001870                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998130                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84468                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                11644      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   577458     74.22%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1574      0.20%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     3971      0.51%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  113503     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  69899      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    778066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       923981462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1001206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1939424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1909660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40946                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       156689                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1909660                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3890144                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1555271                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1109613                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             645004                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       445262                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     274131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    171131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              919821258.161158                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4160203.838842                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004502                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995498                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           213249                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19934      1.03%      1.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1464723     75.52%     76.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2366      0.12%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     5885      0.30%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  274131     14.13%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 171131      8.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1939514                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                80500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              318499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              309995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              326998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              315498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                1337753                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.290399                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.498123                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1289530     96.40%     96.40% |         408      0.03%     96.43% |       47671      3.56%     99.99% |          45      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  1337753                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    461987386                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000651                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461987190    100.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    461987386                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      461987386                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.012356                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.001846                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.694688                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   461984024    100.00%    100.00% |        3250      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        461987386                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461695742                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461695742    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461695742                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       291644                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.573525                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.579170                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.534157                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      288282     98.85%     98.85% |        3250      1.11%     99.96% |          25      0.01%     99.97% |          22      0.01%     99.98% |          50      0.02%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       291644                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       197143                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       201529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       517919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       524100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     83788580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       232163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84020743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    374794415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        12504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    374806919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       179366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4324                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       183690                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       476329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         5706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       482035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       432217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       447442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1309773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        11155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1320928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       279860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        11784                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       291644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.003976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        10567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5777                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          895                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          257                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0        84536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       927504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        46216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        64440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.092665                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       244667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       245916                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1       228655                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2       227577                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36154                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       189429                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0      1957336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17705952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1829240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1820616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2603088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1515432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        10030                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11177                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4033                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2923                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0        80240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       804744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        54000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.009853                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        26380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2797                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27371                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14682                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13565                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6204                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5174                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       211040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1970712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       117456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       108520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       446688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        41392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.109375                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       298755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       295544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       243864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       247671                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        44003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       195288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      2390040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        64416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21279168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1950912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1981368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3168216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1562304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0         1839                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1996                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1          469                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0        14712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       143712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000539                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0         1735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1863                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1          406                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0        13880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       134136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000521                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0         1717                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1801                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1          294                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0        13736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       129672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0         1820                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1          372                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       137664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000122                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.020154                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       298755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       300245                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       249276                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       247671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        44003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       197428                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2390040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21617640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1994208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1981368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3168216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1579424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control          896265                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        29238                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       900735                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1490841                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       132147                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       598620                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control          7170120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       233904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     64852920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     11926728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      9514584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      4788960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005020                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9473                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4767                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       682056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002932                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3409                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1010                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          895                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          257                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        84536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       245448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         8080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        64440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.131059                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       244079                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227483                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17573688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1819864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.054271                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       244667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1837                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1172                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       227577                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36154                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       189429                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1957336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       132264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1820616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2603088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1515432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004969                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9679                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2245                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       696888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001925                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10030                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1498                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1788                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2923                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        80240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       107856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        14304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        54000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013404                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2797                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        25843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12778                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1860696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       102224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006301                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        26380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13565                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6204                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5174                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       211040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       110016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        15232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       108520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       446688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        41392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.066376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       291644                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10710                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1451                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       247671                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        44003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       195288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2333152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       771120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        11608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1981368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3168216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1562304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152375                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         7111                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       284834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       242413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        56888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        64416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20508048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1939304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000206                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1839                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        14712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        10152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000947                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1855                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          306                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       133560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000187                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        13880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         8352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          262                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       125784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1717                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        13736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000873                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1717                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          189                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       123624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000179                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1820                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000926                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1820                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       131040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005020                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9473                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4767                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       682056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.131059                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       244079                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227483                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17573688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1819864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004969                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2646                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2245                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       696888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013404                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2797                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        25843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1860696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       102224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.066376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0       291644                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1451                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       247671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        44003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       195288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0      2333152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       771120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        11608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1981368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3168216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1562304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000206                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0         1839                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0        14712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        10152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000187                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0         1735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0        13880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         8352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0         1717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0        13736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000179                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0         1820                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        778606                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.456321                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.862823                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      734383     94.32%     94.32% |         121      0.02%     94.34% |       43963      5.65%     99.98% |          42      0.01%     99.99% |          90      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          778606                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        548554                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.060501                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.674073                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      543600     99.10%     99.10% |         954      0.17%     99.27% |         122      0.02%     99.29% |         165      0.03%     99.32% |        3674      0.67%     99.99% |          34      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          548554                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         10593                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       10593    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           10593                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63336296                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.062551                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009822                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.405215                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63334444    100.00%    100.00% |        1809      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63336296                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63123263                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63123263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63123263                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       213033                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.596879                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.281241                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.568946                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      211181     99.13%     99.13% |        1809      0.85%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       213033                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21461113                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.042547                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.005502                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.586537                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21460494    100.00%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21461113                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21421818                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21421818    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21421818                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39295                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.236977                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.023426                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.909797                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       38676     98.42%     98.42% |         577      1.47%     99.89% |           6      0.02%     99.91% |           8      0.02%     99.93% |          23      0.06%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39295                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377133982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.324329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377133165    100.00%    100.00% |         794      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377133982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377098436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377098436    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377098436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35546                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.031255                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.565347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.957189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34729     97.70%     97.70% |         794      2.23%     99.94% |           4      0.01%     99.95% |           6      0.02%     99.96% |           8      0.02%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        35546                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        32517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.508534                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.235945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.367510                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       32482     99.89%     99.89% |          32      0.10%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        32517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30224                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30224    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        30224                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2293                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.392499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.166815                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.827173                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2258     98.47%     98.47% |          32      1.40%     99.87% |           1      0.04%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.04%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2293                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.154017                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.486852                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.343201                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11691     99.59%     99.59% |           4      0.03%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           5      0.04%     99.67% |          30      0.26%     99.92% |           8      0.07%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10262                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10262                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.067705                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.397009                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.761102                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1429     96.75%     96.75% |           4      0.27%     97.02% |           0      0.00%     97.02% |           5      0.34%     97.36% |          30      2.03%     99.39% |           8      0.54%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11739    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11739    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        1839     25.86%     25.86% |        1735     24.40%     50.26% |        1717     24.15%     74.41% |        1820     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total         7111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         141     32.56%     32.56% |         116     26.79%     59.35% |          84     19.40%     78.75% |          92     21.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        1853     25.97%     25.97% |        1745     24.46%     50.43% |        1717     24.06%     74.49% |        1820     25.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         7135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         669     26.29%     26.29% |         644     25.30%     51.59% |         612     24.05%     75.64% |         620     24.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         163     29.53%     29.53% |         144     26.09%     55.62% |         105     19.02%     74.64% |         140     25.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          552                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        1839     25.86%     25.86% |        1735     24.40%     50.26% |        1717     24.15%     74.41% |        1820     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total         7111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         139     32.40%     32.40% |         114     26.57%     58.97% |          84     19.58%     78.55% |          92     21.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total          429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         163     29.53%     29.53% |         144     26.09%     55.62% |         105     19.02%     74.64% |         140     25.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          552                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        1839     25.86%     25.86% |        1735     24.40%     50.26% |        1717     24.15%     74.41% |        1820     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total         7111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         139     32.40%     32.40% |         114     26.57%     58.97% |          84     19.58%     78.55% |          92     21.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total          429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      113209      0.18%      0.18% |    62855082     99.24%     99.42% |      105853      0.17%     99.59% |      262152      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63336296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      524100      0.14%      0.14% |   374806919     99.38%     99.52% |      482035      0.13%     99.65% |     1320928      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377133982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       88320      0.41%      0.41% |    21165661     98.37%     98.78% |       77837      0.36%     99.14% |      185290      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21517108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1022     17.26%     17.26% |        1174     19.83%     37.09% |        1814     30.64%     67.74% |        1910     32.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        8912      3.11%      3.11% |      243913     85.06%     88.17% |        8780      3.06%     91.23% |       25158      8.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       286763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         367     34.17%     34.17% |         295     27.47%     61.64% |         166     15.46%     77.09% |         246     22.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1521     42.26%     42.26% |         771     21.42%     63.68% |         666     18.51%     82.19% |         641     17.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         3599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          10      1.96%      1.96% |         207     40.51%     42.47% |         142     27.79%     70.25% |         152     29.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |         986      0.49%      0.49% |      192626     95.83%     96.32% |         969      0.48%     96.80% |        6426      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       201007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         575     15.98%     15.98% |         555     15.42%     31.40% |         816     22.67%     54.07% |        1653     45.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         3599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        7902      9.41%      9.41% |       50691     60.38%     69.79% |        7752      9.23%     79.02% |       17612     20.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total        83957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2511     51.23%     51.23% |        1105     22.55%     73.78% |         574     11.71%     85.49% |         711     14.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1104     35.83%     35.83% |         795     25.80%     61.64% |         493     16.00%     77.64% |         689     22.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         3081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        1152      0.48%      0.48% |      225583     94.27%     94.75% |        1178      0.49%     95.25% |       11378      4.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       239291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        2246      1.06%      1.06% |      197622     93.50%     94.56% |        2429      1.15%     95.71% |        9067      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       211364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        6181     17.39%     17.39% |       12504     35.18%     52.57% |        5705     16.05%     68.62% |       11154     31.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        35544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |         939      2.32%      2.32% |       33787     83.56%     85.89% |         770      1.90%     87.79% |        4937     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        40433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         317     21.36%     21.36% |         320     21.56%     42.92% |         341     22.98%     65.90% |         506     34.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         1484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          95      5.69%      5.69% |         145      8.69%     14.38% |         757     45.36%     59.74% |         672     40.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          12     19.35%     19.35% |          21     33.87%     53.23% |          17     27.42%     80.65% |          12     19.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         641     18.23%     18.23% |        1246     35.43%     53.65% |         867     24.65%     78.31% |         763     21.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       19448      0.15%      0.15% |    12566861     99.38%     99.53% |       21830      0.17%     99.70% |       37307      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     12645446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      517919      0.14%      0.14% |   374794415     99.39%     99.53% |      476329      0.13%     99.65% |     1309773      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    377098436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1094     42.57%     42.57% |         588     22.88%     65.45% |         351     13.66%     79.11% |         537     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         2570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         688     15.74%     15.74% |         852     19.49%     35.23% |        1438     32.90%     68.13% |        1393     31.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        7119     16.20%     16.20% |       17084     38.87%     55.06% |        6735     15.32%     70.39% |       13017     29.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        43955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       11444      0.04%      0.04% |    25800870     99.68%     99.73% |        9772      0.04%     99.76% |       61106      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     25883192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         244      5.70%      5.70% |        2493     58.23%     63.93% |         238      5.56%     69.49% |        1306     30.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         4281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           9     47.37%     73.68% |           5     26.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         257      0.13%      0.13% |      189429     97.00%     97.13% |         428      0.22%     97.35% |        5174      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       195288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          56     15.91%     15.91% |          82     23.30%     39.20% |          57     16.19%     55.40% |         157     44.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         454     40.36%     40.36% |         212     18.84%     59.20% |         201     17.87%     77.07% |         258     22.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         1125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       79976      0.33%      0.33% |    24289584     98.76%     99.08% |       71065      0.29%     99.37% |      154000      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24594625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       86031      0.40%      0.40% |    21128772     98.41%     98.81% |       76461      0.36%     99.17% |      178498      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21469762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          12     26.09%     26.09% |           2      4.35%     30.43% |          26     56.52%     86.96% |           6     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         895      2.03%      2.03% |       36154     82.16%     84.20% |         750      1.70%     85.90% |        6204     14.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        44003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         311     43.07%     43.07% |         213     29.50%     72.58% |         109     15.10%     87.67% |          89     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1067     43.15%     43.15% |         558     22.56%     65.71% |         465     18.80%     84.51% |         383     15.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |         986      0.49%      0.49% |      192626     95.83%     96.32% |         969      0.48%     96.80% |        6426      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       201007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         575     15.98%     15.98% |         555     15.42%     31.40% |         816     22.67%     54.07% |        1653     45.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         3599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        6961     15.83%     15.83% |       17090     38.86%     54.69% |        7107     16.16%     70.86% |       12815     29.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        43973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          10      1.96%      1.96% |         207     40.51%     42.47% |         142     27.79%     70.25% |         152     29.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |         941      2.35%      2.35% |       33601     84.04%     86.39% |         645      1.61%     88.00% |        4797     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        39984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2511     51.23%     51.23% |        1105     22.55%     73.78% |         574     11.71%     85.49% |         711     14.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1104     35.83%     35.83% |         795     25.80%     61.64% |         493     16.00%     77.64% |         689     22.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         3081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        1152      0.48%      0.48% |      225582     94.27%     94.75% |        1178      0.49%     95.25% |       11378      4.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       239290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR        35546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         213039      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          40496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         2570      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         239292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement          395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean          586      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          7111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack            985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           2520      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         1125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                210      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           3599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       244072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         1525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         3282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        34019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS         8427      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         2570      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       197725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        36606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement          373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean          314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         3599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1074      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       239290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack          985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         3282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         1525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         2304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         3081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       240991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         2474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         1123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         3597      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.498577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                498577159500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52405717862501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136907                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247643                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              236721061                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2070064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2106.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288350167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521580546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       711296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            711296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       270784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         270784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        11114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              11114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         4231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1426652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1426652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       543114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              543114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1969765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1969765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      11114                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      4231                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    11114                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    4231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                707264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 269376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 711296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              270784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    63                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 498570458500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                11114                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                4231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  10862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         7324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.365374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.577606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.994402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4741     64.73%     64.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1656     22.61%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          411      5.61%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          181      2.47%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          108      1.47%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          100      1.37%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.76%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.44%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           39      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         7324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     57.792969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   255.965225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          242     94.53%     94.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      4.69%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.441406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.416352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.943754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             206     80.47%     80.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              40     15.62%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               9      3.52%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   139990244                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              347196494                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  55255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12667.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31417.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    6025                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1912                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               45.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  32490743.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   51.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                31910760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                17411625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               57322200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              14314320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         16093466640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        287038100250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          336035829075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.493714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475826458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6099292250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                34677720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                18921375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               58250400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              12960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         16231152420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        286917323250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          336056588445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.535074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475618094500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6310271750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       697984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            697984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       264576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         264576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        10906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              10906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1399952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1399952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       530662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              530662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1930614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1930614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      10906                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    10906                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                694016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 263488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 697984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              264576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 498576017500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                10906                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  10647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         6980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   137.178223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.671265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.752199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4429     63.45%     63.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1574     22.55%     86.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          462      6.62%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          184      2.64%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      1.59%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           93      1.33%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.85%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.36%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           43      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         6980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     58.143426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   257.635190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          238     94.82%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.59%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.80%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.402390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.380223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.881722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             206     82.07%     82.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              34     13.55%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      4.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   137691498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              341016498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  54220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12697.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31447.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    5961                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               48.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  33150001.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                30640680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                16718625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               56908800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              13983840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         16037946360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        287086802250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          336026303835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.474737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475856614500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6070823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                33460560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                18257250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               57033600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              12694320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         16166815380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        286973759250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          336045323640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.512630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475758371750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6169994500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       685184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            685184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       259456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         259456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        10706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              10706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              4054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1374279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1374279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       520393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              520393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1894672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1894672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      10706                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      4054                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    10706                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    4054                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                681088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   4096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 258240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 685184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              259456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 498578551000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                10706                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                4054                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  10452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         6793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   138.278816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.282053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.679815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4259     62.70%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1582     23.29%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          438      6.45%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          186      2.74%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          109      1.60%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           95      1.40%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      0.74%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.44%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           44      0.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         6793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     58.616327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   258.140799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          233     95.10%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.67%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.469388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.444895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.925549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             193     78.78%     78.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              41     16.73%     95.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      4.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   132726995                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              332264495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  53210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12472.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31222.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    5959                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1925                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                56.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               47.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  33779034.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                29703240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                16207125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               55567200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              13860720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         15944787270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        287168520750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          336011949585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           669.446138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 476007826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5920540250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                32742360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                17865375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               56479800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              12286080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         16044871860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        287080727250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          336028276005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           669.478666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475893407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6034959250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       697344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            697344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       259584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         259584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        10896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              10896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              4056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1398668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1398668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       520650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              520650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1919318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1919318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      10896                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      4056                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    10896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    4056                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                694272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 258432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 697344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              259584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 498573135500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                10896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                4056                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  10656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         6907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   137.951643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.056791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.991726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4382     63.44%     63.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1548     22.41%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          446      6.46%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          189      2.74%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      1.87%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           83      1.20%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           63      0.91%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.45%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           36      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         6907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     59.489796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   260.704446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          234     95.51%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      3.27%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.481633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.453904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.994178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             194     79.18%     79.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              39     15.92%     95.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      4.08%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.41%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   143653995                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              347053995                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  54240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13242.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31992.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    6004                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1976                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                55.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               48.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  33344912.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   53.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                29816640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                16269000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               56082000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              13608000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         16045373745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        287080287000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          336024739665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           669.471620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475868905001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6056997499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                33528600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                18294375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               57720000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              12558240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         32783303280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         16217333910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        286929444750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          336052183155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           669.526297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475670489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16648580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6257877250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1001999984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1407115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2718269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2674399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      67107                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       199790                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2674399                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5474966                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2148638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1462677                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             890245                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       668987                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403167                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    265820                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              995161380.559020                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6838603.440980                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006825                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993175                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           289082                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22320      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2017203     74.20%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3088      0.11%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4318      0.16%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403167     14.83%     90.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 265820      9.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2718497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       994318902                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266250685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480145943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270498196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9889161                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15065401                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270498196                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514482876                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176802842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107373417                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83251024                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84277390                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63018237                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21259153                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              72163341.768783                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              922155560.231217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.927424                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.072576                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27148130                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18889      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245470856     51.12%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3285      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2108      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.32%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63018237     13.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21259153      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480146162                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       997103913                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3046615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5778904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5714826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     109689                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       460579                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5714826                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11307219                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4577817                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3110523                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2009524                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1274960                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     739019                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    535941                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              983384255.563695                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13719657.436305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.013760                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.986240                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           641308                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30037      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4449499     76.99%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4585      0.08%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7943      0.14%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  739019     12.79%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 535941      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5779221                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       995941008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16325719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30506479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30091000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     658842                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2460870                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30091000                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58649022                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24397749                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            15983426                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10187892                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6638965                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3915261                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2723704                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              934917282.521173                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              61023725.478827                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.061272                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.938728                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3395443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156111      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23256688     76.23%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92847      0.30%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148501      0.49%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3915261     12.83%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2723704      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30506725                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               161500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               198982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              400997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              410992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              435488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              457984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               49496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              912000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1180500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3495295                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.364546                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.681102                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3338276     95.51%     95.51% |        3365      0.10%     95.60% |      152264      4.36%     99.96% |         389      0.01%     99.97% |         920      0.03%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3495295                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    957939337                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001205                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957937946    100.00%    100.00% |        1391      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    957939337                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      957939337                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.020615                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002539                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.203871                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   957916290    100.00%    100.00% |       21431      0.00%    100.00% |         619      0.00%    100.00% |         426      0.00%    100.00% |         408      0.00%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        957939337                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957130823                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957130823    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    957130823                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       808514                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.424722                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.166975                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.482786                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      785467     97.15%     97.15% |       21431      2.65%     99.80% |         619      0.08%     99.88% |         426      0.05%     99.93% |         408      0.05%     99.98% |         150      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       808514                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       647152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1840682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        17641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1858323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     84038413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       244335                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84282748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    375473904                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        18791                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    375492695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1245391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40064                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1285455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3994555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        32090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4026645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      6598629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50443                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      6649072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     21596355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        87244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     21683599                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       462185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        54685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       516870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.016064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        43903                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6988                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        47825                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27297                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11066                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       351224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3443400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       218376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       191968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       796752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.093090                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       263126                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7419                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       266278                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1       242586                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238646                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        41034                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       193800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0      2105008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        59352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19172016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1940688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1909168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2954448                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1550400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.025278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        72154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40010                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       577232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5353920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       320080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       285848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1356480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        96896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.044181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       137687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10057                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       141635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46007                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14855                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      1101496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10197720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       402944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       368056                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1816416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.188022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       560468                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24295                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       565757                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       378910                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       344380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          685                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       227943                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      4483744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       194360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40734504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3031280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2755040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6924096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        49320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1823544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003893                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        11100                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9921                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0        88800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1064808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003811                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14482                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9650                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0        87168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1042704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003734                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        10706                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9318                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0        85648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1022400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        74544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.003791                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0        87168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1036224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.034744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       560468                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32181                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       576874                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       388865                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       344380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          685                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       230213                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      4483744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       257448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41534928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3110920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2755040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6924096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        49320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1841704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1681404                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        88657                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1730622                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      2199735                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       290559                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       697359                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         13451232                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       709256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    124604784                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     17597880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     20920248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      5578872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6988                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        42070                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3029040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       189376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        43903                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5755                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3625                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        11066                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       351224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       191968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       796752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130566                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7419                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       262078                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       237775                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        59352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18869616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1902200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       263126                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4811                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238646                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        41034                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       193800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2105008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       302400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1909168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2954448                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1550400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034042                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70727                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34652                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5092344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       277216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016514                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        72154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3633                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5358                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        35731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       577232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       261576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        42864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       285848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1356480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        96896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064167                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10057                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       136209                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43753                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9807048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       350024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       137687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5426                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6615                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46007                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14855                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1101496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       368056                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1816416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.123424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       516870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51525                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36854                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       344380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          685                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       227943                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4134960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3709800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       294832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2755040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6924096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        49320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1823544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.252621                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        43598                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24295                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       514232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       342056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       348784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       194360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37024704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2736448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002399                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11100                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3671                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       264312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11118                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6798                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       800496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002340                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3574                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3037                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        87168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       257328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005282                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10908                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       785376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10706                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3494                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10706                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6406                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       770832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        51248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002307                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3087                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        87168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       251712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005275                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6583                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       784512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020523                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        42070                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3029040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       189376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7419                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       262078                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       237775                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        59352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18869616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1902200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.034042                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70727                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5092344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       277216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.064167                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10057                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       136209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9807048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       350024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.123424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0       516870                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51525                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36854                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       344380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        96168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          685                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       227943                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0      4134960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3709800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       294832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2755040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6924096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        49320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1823544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.002399                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        11100                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3123                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0        88800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       264312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002340                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3037                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0        87168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       257328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0        10706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3494                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0        85648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002307                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0        10896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3087                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0        87168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       251712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1963967                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.586022                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.111580                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1821992     92.77%     92.77% |        1080      0.05%     92.83% |      139560      7.11%     99.93% |         356      0.02%     99.95% |         898      0.05%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1963967                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1488554                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.082801                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.777997                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1469142     98.70%     98.70% |        4368      0.29%     98.99% |         993      0.07%     99.06% |        1292      0.09%     99.14% |       12515      0.84%     99.98% |         189      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1488554                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         42774                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000327                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.025583                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       42767     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           7      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           42774                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131294591                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.084709                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011205                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.264073                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131282680     99.99%     99.99% |       11176      0.01%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |         215      0.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131294591                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130803209                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130803209    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    130803209                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       491382                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.633829                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.636282                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.313404                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      479471     97.58%     97.58% |       11176      2.27%     99.85% |         274      0.06%     99.91% |         215      0.04%     99.95% |         172      0.04%     99.98% |          70      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       491382                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46194706                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.090724                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008012                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.105816                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46189229     99.99%     99.99% |        4880      0.01%    100.00% |         234      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46194706                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46080814                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46080814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46080814                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       113892                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.797747                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.454660                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.613756                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      108415     95.19%     95.19% |        4880      4.28%     99.48% |         234      0.21%     99.68% |         143      0.13%     99.81% |         161      0.14%     99.95% |          52      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       113892                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780195244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.005288                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.565280                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780190010    100.00%    100.00% |        4969      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780195244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780003932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780003932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780003932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       191312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.565495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.665665                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.951307                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      186078     97.26%     97.26% |        4969      2.60%     99.86% |         104      0.05%     99.92% |          64      0.03%     99.95% |          70      0.04%     99.99% |          26      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       191312                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.043732                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.141103                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.223975                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      130692     99.87%     99.87% |         162      0.12%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125208                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125208    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125208                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.149045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.199934                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.734061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5484     96.96%     96.96% |         162      2.86%     99.82% |           3      0.05%     99.88% |           2      0.04%     99.91% |           2      0.04%     99.95% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5656                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.785076                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.379655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.712101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61638     99.47%     99.47% |          75      0.12%     99.59% |         244      0.39%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        61966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        55694                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       55694    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        55694                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6272                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.515944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.038167                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.268391                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5944     94.77%     94.77% |          75      1.20%     95.97% |         244      3.89%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           3      0.05%     99.90% |           1      0.02%     99.92% |           2      0.03%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6272                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61966    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        61966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61966    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        61966                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       11100     25.46%     25.46% |       10896     24.99%     50.45% |       10706     24.56%     75.01% |       10896     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        43598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        3671     25.79%     25.79% |        3574     25.11%     50.90% |        3494     24.55%     75.44% |        3496     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        14235                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       11114     25.48%     25.48% |       10906     25.00%     50.48% |       10706     24.54%     75.02% |       10896     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        43622                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        4231     25.68%     25.68% |        4134     25.09%     50.77% |        4054     24.61%     75.38% |        4056     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        16475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        3123     25.68%     25.68% |        3037     24.98%     50.66% |        2912     23.95%     74.61% |        3087     25.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        12159                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       11100     25.46%     25.46% |       10896     24.99%     50.45% |       10706     24.56%     75.01% |       10896     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        43598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        3667     25.77%     25.77% |        3572     25.10%     50.87% |        3494     24.56%     75.43% |        3496     24.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        14229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        3123     25.68%     25.68% |        3037     24.98%     50.66% |        2912     23.95%     74.61% |        3087     25.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        12159                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       11100     25.46%     25.46% |       10896     24.99%     50.45% |       10706     24.56%     75.01% |       10896     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        43598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        3667     25.77%     25.77% |        3572     25.10%     50.87% |        3494     24.56%     75.43% |        3496     24.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        14229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      382554      0.56%      0.56% |    63004831     92.71%     93.27% |      717064      1.06%     94.33% |     3853846      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67958295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1858323      0.46%      0.46% |   375492695     93.16%     93.62% |     4026647      1.00%     94.62% |    21683599      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403061264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      290860      1.17%      1.17% |    21277917     85.34%     86.51% |      568391      2.28%     88.79% |     2795226     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24932394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        3777     17.91%     17.91% |        4990     23.66%     41.56% |        5549     26.31%     67.87% |        6778     32.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       41232      8.12%      8.12% |      261677     51.54%     59.66% |       69580     13.71%     73.37% |      135208     26.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       507697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         667     21.11%     21.11% |         658     20.82%     41.93% |         703     22.25%     64.18% |        1132     35.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        2544     32.09%     32.09% |        1771     22.34%     54.43% |        1465     18.48%     72.92% |        2147     27.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         7927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         146     13.48%     13.48% |         272     25.12%     38.60% |         320     29.55%     68.14% |         345     31.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       11415      4.50%      4.50% |      198254     78.15%     82.65% |       21148      8.34%     90.98% |       22881      9.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       253698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1646     20.76%     20.76% |        1243     15.68%     36.45% |        2088     26.34%     62.79% |        2950     37.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         7927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       28863     11.62%     11.62% |       62309     25.09%     36.71% |       47171     18.99%     55.70% |      110033     44.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       248376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3451     38.90%     38.90% |        1621     18.27%     57.17% |        1953     22.01%     79.18% |        1847     20.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         8872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1979     28.81%     28.81% |        1320     19.22%     48.03% |        1747     25.43%     73.46% |        1823     26.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       18242      5.63%      5.63% |      234834     72.45%     78.08% |       30952      9.55%     87.63% |       40083     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       324111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       15072      5.46%      5.46% |      204890     74.24%     79.70% |       26653      9.66%     89.35% |       29380     10.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       275995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       17625     11.32%     11.32% |       18771     12.06%     23.38% |       32079     20.60%     43.98% |       87229     56.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       155704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        9002     11.75%     11.75% |       38016     49.63%     61.38% |       10985     14.34%     75.72% |       18599     24.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        76602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        1774     15.16%     15.16% |        2902     24.79%     39.95% |        3087     26.37%     66.32% |        3942     33.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         255     10.83%     10.83% |         296     12.57%     23.41% |         916     38.91%     62.32% |         887     37.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |          16     25.81%     25.81% |          20     32.26%     58.06% |          11     17.74%     75.81% |          15     24.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         100     27.25%     27.25% |          85     23.16%     50.41% |          83     22.62%     73.02% |          99     26.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2456     26.09%     26.09% |        2202     23.39%     49.48% |        2137     22.70%     72.19% |        2618     27.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         9413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       49331      0.38%      0.38% |    12587033     97.82%     98.20% |       82749      0.64%     98.84% |      148928      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     12868041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1840682      0.46%      0.46% |   375473904     93.19%     93.65% |     3994555      0.99%     94.64% |    21596355      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    402905496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1833     31.68%     31.68% |        1048     18.11%     49.79% |        1427     24.66%     74.46% |        1478     25.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1769     20.98%     20.98% |        1800     21.35%     42.33% |        2216     26.28%     68.62% |        2646     31.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         8431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       20534     11.79%     11.79% |       24641     14.15%     25.94% |       36491     20.95%     46.89% |       92507     53.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       174173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       89306      0.34%      0.34% |    25842491     97.68%     98.02% |      181509      0.69%     98.71% |      341919      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     26455225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2882     13.70%     13.70% |        3450     16.41%     30.11% |        8035     38.21%     68.32% |        6662     31.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        21029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          82     30.04%     30.04% |         109     39.93%     69.96% |          55     20.15%     90.11% |          27      9.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        7176      3.15%      3.15% |      193800     85.02%     88.17% |       12112      5.31%     93.48% |       14855      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       227943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         108      7.83%      7.83% |         122      8.85%     16.68% |         408     29.59%     46.27% |         741     53.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         795     26.74%     26.74% |         680     22.87%     49.61% |         547     18.40%     68.01% |         951     31.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         2973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      228590      0.81%      0.81% |    24370121     85.94%     86.75% |      425237      1.50%     88.25% |     3332732     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     28356680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      277043      1.12%      1.12% |    21235318     85.53%     86.64% |      547861      2.21%     88.85% |     2768388     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24828610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         152     22.19%     22.19% |         179     26.13%     48.32% |         191     27.88%     76.20% |         163     23.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       11066     11.51%     11.51% |       41034     42.67%     54.18% |       18840     19.59%     73.77% |       25228     26.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        96168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         559     31.39%     31.39% |         536     30.10%     61.48% |         295     16.56%     78.05% |         391     21.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1749     35.31%     35.31% |        1090     22.01%     57.32% |         918     18.53%     75.85% |        1196     24.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         4953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11415      4.50%      4.50% |      198254     78.15%     82.65% |       21148      8.34%     90.98% |       22881      9.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       253698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1646     20.76%     20.76% |        1243     15.68%     36.45% |        2088     26.34%     62.79% |        2950     37.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         7927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       19907     11.54%     11.54% |       24480     14.19%     25.73% |       36423     21.12%     46.85% |       91680     53.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       172490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         146     13.48%     13.48% |         272     25.12%     38.60% |         320     29.55%     68.14% |         345     31.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        8956     11.80%     11.80% |       37829     49.85%     61.65% |       10748     14.16%     75.82% |       18353     24.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        75886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3451     38.90%     38.90% |        1621     18.27%     57.17% |        1953     22.01%     79.18% |        1847     20.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         8872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1979     28.81%     28.81% |        1320     19.22%     48.03% |        1747     25.43%     73.46% |        1823     26.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         6869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       18242      5.63%      5.63% |      234833     72.45%     78.08% |       30952      9.55%     87.63% |       40083     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       324110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       155766      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         278382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          76972      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         324112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        13820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        12568      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         43598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          26394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           5639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         2973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               4800      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           5654      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           7927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       336453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         7014      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        19243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        17341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       148740      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        16724      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         5131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       234455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        55385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        13216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         6839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         7927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       324110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        26394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           4529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         5131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        19243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         7014      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        17341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         6869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       329584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         4951      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         2968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         7919      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
