
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.357449                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2357449209000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55183211090501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 138353                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   250787                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              248434783                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1848984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9489.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312857214                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2379768761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     40125440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          40125440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19724736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19724736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       626960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             626960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       308199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            308199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17020702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             17020702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8366982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8366982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25387684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            25387684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     626960                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    308199                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   626960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  308199                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              40083776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  41664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19723776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               40125440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19724736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            40489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            37985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            37768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            38435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            38915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            36676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            37382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            39341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            39193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            38498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           39684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           40301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            17743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2357449225000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               626960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              308199                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 625188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 19056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 19194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 19199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 19203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 19199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 19205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 19198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 19199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 19192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 19192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 19197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 19190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 19194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 19186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 19189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 19186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       345669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.019715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.054994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.813462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       163717     47.36%     47.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       119412     34.55%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26091      7.55%     89.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11349      3.28%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7458      2.16%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4535      1.31%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3216      0.93%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2511      0.73%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7380      2.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       345669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.644793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    49.901618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18841     98.20%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          282      1.47%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           52      0.27%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        19186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.062963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.059407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.351025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           18582     96.85%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.05%     96.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             586      3.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               6      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        19186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  7998649229                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            19741942979                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3131545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12771.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31521.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       17.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    17.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  443613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 145211                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2520907.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   63.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1319295600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               719853750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2466913800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1000356480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        154717683120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        256150795770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1196578962750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1612953861270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           680.919542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1983669165000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78720460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 295059540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1344901320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               733825125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2570989200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1018118160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        154717683120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        261966799035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1191477205500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1613829521460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           681.289208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1975027136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78720460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 303703102250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          43157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     27670272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       27670272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       674334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             674334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       432348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            432348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18306811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             18306811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11737378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11737378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30044188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            30044188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     674334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    432348                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   674334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  432348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              43134464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  22912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               27670528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               43157376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            27670272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   358                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            44192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            41027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            41345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            39705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            42058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           43786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           42078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           42203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           43259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           44360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           43674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            28351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            27039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            27663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            27335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            25739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            26775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            26751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            26140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           27356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           26567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           26567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           27692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           28444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           27554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2357448984500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               674334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              432348                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 672571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 26794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 26966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 26966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 26968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 26970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 26962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 26962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 26956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 26960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 26954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 26959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 26958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 26954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 26950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 26948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 26947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       402641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   175.851739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.661568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.389311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       218400     54.24%     54.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        95964     23.83%     78.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        34005      8.45%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14936      3.71%     90.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        22046      5.48%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5920      1.47%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3160      0.78%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2479      0.62%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5731      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       402641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     25.011690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.355999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        26904     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           41      0.15%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        26947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.044532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.042004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.296104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           26339     97.74%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              27      0.10%     97.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             574      2.13%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        26947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9332837208                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21969887208                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3369880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13847.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32597.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       18.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       11.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    18.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    11.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  487022                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 216665                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2130195.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1531814760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               835811625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2653404000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1403315280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        154717683120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        229496912910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1219959561750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1610598503445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.925211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2022818666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78720460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 255910354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1561858200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               852204375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2755638600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1419087600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        154717683120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        235118504565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1215028341000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1611453317460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           680.286077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2014296506751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78720460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 264433731999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4711106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297406318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348636168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506666490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     802436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160862299                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506666490                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2940020548                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033746986                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938971492                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528040152                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388308416                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349929934                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38378482                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              22975183.430431                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4688131091.569569                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995123                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004877                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166254667                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901067      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228732261     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265700      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      706      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349929934     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38378482      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348652494                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4712911145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5137686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10304461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10123112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     263057                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       892626                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10123112                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19984063                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8236667                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6620288                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3526223                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2266490                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1471959                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    794531                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4689533591.532572                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              23377553.467429                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004960                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995040                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1206846                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                74678      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7928048     76.94%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11649      0.11%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22253      0.22%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1471959     14.28%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 794531      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10304552                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4714965891                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1940692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4148988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4061119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     108822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       326163                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4061119                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8109450                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3354629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2511157                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1274274                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       935696                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     582902                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    352794                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4706281434.742049                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8684456.257951                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001842                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998158                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           470223                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                71910      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3108500     74.92%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7465      0.18%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25409      0.61%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  582902     14.05%     91.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 352794      8.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4149010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4716877119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3631782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7470329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7258361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     164990                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       590531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7258361                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14158479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5989614                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4519674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2771887                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1525373                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     947529                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    577844                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4698491305.280002                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              18385813.719999                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003898                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996102                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           815351                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                78170      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5831760     78.06%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8300      0.11%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26568      0.36%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  947529     12.68%     92.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 577844      7.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7470415                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3065                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3065                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1588500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                27496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1680955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1499488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1499490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1512989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               76460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1300500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1375500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13718633                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.597548                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.101489                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12698651     92.56%     92.56% |        1876      0.01%     92.58% |     1017425      7.42%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |         528      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13718633                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2273827930                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044257                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269365375     99.80%     99.80% |     4462555      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2273827930                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2273827930                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.087402                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004074                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.985254                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273760497    100.00%    100.00% |       42247      0.00%    100.00% |       23444      0.00%    100.00% |        1123      0.00%    100.00% |         511      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2273827930                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271511908                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271511908    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271511908                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2316022                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.809664                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.166994                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.758515                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2248589     97.09%     97.09% |       42247      1.82%     98.91% |       23444      1.01%     99.92% |        1123      0.05%     99.97% |         511      0.02%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2316022                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    391294073                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1996858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    393290931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1861737930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        35392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1861773322                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           598                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2174795                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        93468                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2268263                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6622354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        40822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6663176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       912154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        23078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       935232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2511853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        27589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2539442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1463771                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63428                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1527199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4794978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        35387                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4830365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1020117                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1295905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2316022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            12                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.178514                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0      2032250                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15717                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2037002                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2007579                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1984861                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       913972                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          367                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1064546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0     16258000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    146664144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16060632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15878888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     65805984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        26424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8516368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.011278                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       134290                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28897                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       140792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       102783                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85375                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51521                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21821                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1074320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       231176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10137024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       822264                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       683000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3709512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       184608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       174568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        50667                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        55362                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27671                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14569                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2621                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2126                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       405336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       185728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3986064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       221368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       116552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       188712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       153072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.008103                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        98815                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29390                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       105247                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        71512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        58043                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32014                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2773                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10087                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       790520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       235120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7577784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       572096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       464344                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2305008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       199656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        80696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.311976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0      3594584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60537                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4322826                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3965109                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7830                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1097243                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     28756672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       484296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    311243472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31720872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     72009216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       563760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8777944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.052845                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0       615571                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       935294                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       921540                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0      4924568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67341168                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7372320                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.061124                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0       662991                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1106786                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       892226                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0      5303928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     79688592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7137808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.001218                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.069860                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0      3594584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        97220                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4363140                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3994210                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7830                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1120214                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     28756672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       777760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    314146080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31953680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     72009216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       563760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8961712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        10783752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       254977                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     13089420                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     18411174                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3023874                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3360642                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         86270016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2039816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    942438240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    147289392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    217718928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     26885136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.214890                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15717                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2027899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1996875                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    146008728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15975000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.142138                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2032250                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9103                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10704                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1984861                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       913972                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          367                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1064546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     16258000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       655416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        85632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15878888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     65805984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        26424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8516368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013747                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28897                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       131810                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81132                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       231176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9490320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       649056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008810                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       134290                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8982                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21651                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85375                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51521                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21821                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1074320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       646704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       173208                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       683000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3709512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       184608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       174568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005018                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48889                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9982                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       185728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3520008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001959                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        50667                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6473                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17689                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14569                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2621                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2126                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       405336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       466056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       141512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       116552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       188712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       153072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010037                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29390                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96398                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49509                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       235120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6940656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       396072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        98815                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8849                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22003                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        58043                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32014                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2773                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10087                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       790520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       637128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       176024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       464344                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2305008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       199656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        80696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.292685                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2316022                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1294626                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1320222                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7830                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1097243                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     18528176                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     93213072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10561776                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     72009216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       563760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8777944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.331267                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1278562                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60537                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3028200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2644887                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     10228496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       484296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    218030400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21159096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039317                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       615571                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       308199                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       306603                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4924568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22190328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2452824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.066373                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       627095                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       614937                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45150840                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4919496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.050854                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       662991                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       432348                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       229887                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5303928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31129056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1839096                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.071394                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       674438                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       662339                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48559536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5298712                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002192                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000244                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.214890                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15717                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2027899                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1996875                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    146008728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15975000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013747                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28897                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       131810                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81132                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       231176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9490320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       649056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005018                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48889                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9982                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       185728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3520008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.010037                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29390                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96398                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49509                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       235120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6940656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       396072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.292685                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      2316022                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1294626                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1320222                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7830                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1097243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     18528176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     93213072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10561776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     72009216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       563760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8777944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.039317                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       615571                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       308199                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       306603                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      4924568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22190328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2452824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.050854                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       662991                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       432348                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       229887                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      5303928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31129056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1839096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6556241                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.223218                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.881977                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5554870     84.73%     84.73% |         553      0.01%     84.73% |     1000175     15.26%     99.99% |         106      0.00%     99.99% |         507      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6556241                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7065172                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.025169                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.414575                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7030551     99.51%     99.51% |       16010      0.23%     99.74% |         439      0.01%     99.74% |         884      0.01%     99.76% |       17163      0.24%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7065172                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         97220                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000021                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006414                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       97219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           97220                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356424392                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.354962                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.018091                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.788680                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356385686     99.99%     99.99% |       24656      0.01%    100.00% |       13281      0.00%    100.00% |         460      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356424392                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354763754                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354763754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    354763754                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1660638                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    77.185862                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.906551                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.106027                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1621932     97.67%     97.67% |       24656      1.48%     99.15% |       13281      0.80%     99.95% |         460      0.03%     99.98% |         262      0.02%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1660638                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39942564                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.680983                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.060751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.580375                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39914749     99.93%     99.93% |       16926      0.04%     99.97% |        9937      0.02%    100.00% |         653      0.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39942564                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39448562                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39448562    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39448562                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       494002                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.916023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.756095                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    98.330803                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      466187     94.37%     94.37% |       16926      3.43%     97.80% |        9937      2.01%     99.81% |         653      0.13%     99.94% |         239      0.05%     99.99% |          47      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       494002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875806305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000227                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.495819                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875797690    100.00%    100.00% |        7865      0.00%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |         313      0.00%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875806305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875667115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875667115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875667115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       139190                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.379108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.372800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.889937                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      130575     93.81%     93.81% |        7865      5.65%     99.46% |         246      0.18%     99.64% |         313      0.22%     99.86% |         119      0.09%     99.95% |          55      0.04%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       139190                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1233201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.323603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.026310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.358074                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1233120     99.99%     99.99% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1233201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1223695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1223695    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1223695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9506                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.980644                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    29.051696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.125883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9425     99.15%     99.15% |          55      0.58%     99.73% |          23      0.24%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9506                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210734                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.133543                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.216974                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.351838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      209615     99.47%     99.47% |        1038      0.49%     99.96% |          16      0.01%     99.97% |          35      0.02%     99.99% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       210734                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       198048                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      198048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       198048                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12686                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.441431                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.100871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.294432                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       11567     91.18%     91.18% |        1038      8.18%     99.36% |          16      0.13%     99.49% |          35      0.28%     99.76% |          20      0.16%     99.92% |           9      0.07%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12686                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210734                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       210734                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210734                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      615571     48.15%     48.15% |      662991     51.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1278562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      308199     41.62%     41.62% |      432348     58.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       740547                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      626960     48.18%     48.18% |      674334     51.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1301294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      308199     41.62%     41.62% |      432348     58.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       740547                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11524     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      306603     57.15%     57.15% |      229887     42.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       536490                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      615571     48.15%     48.15% |      662991     51.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1278562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      308064     41.61%     41.61% |      432244     58.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       740308                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      306603     57.15%     57.15% |      229887     42.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       536490                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      615571     48.15%     48.15% |      662991     51.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1278562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      308064     41.61%     41.61% |      432244     58.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       740308                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          239                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353710412     99.24%     99.24% |     1345133      0.38%     99.62% |      541519      0.15%     99.77% |      827328      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356424392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861773322     99.25%     99.25% |     6663176      0.36%     99.61% |     2539442      0.14%     99.74% |     4830365      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875806305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39580519     95.15%     95.15% |      923130      2.22%     97.37% |      393713      0.95%     98.32% |      699871      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41597233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11071     13.86%     13.86% |       24215     30.32%     44.18% |       19815     24.81%     68.98% |       24776     31.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        79877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2022139     89.28%     89.28% |      120839      5.34%     94.62% |       36688      1.62%     96.24% |       85256      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2264922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         189     14.78%     14.78% |         382     29.87%     44.64% |         329     25.72%     70.37% |         379     29.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        4457     27.75%     27.75% |        4300     26.77%     54.51% |        3072     19.12%     73.64% |        4235     26.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        16064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         855     29.03%     29.03% |         518     17.59%     46.62% |        1048     35.59%     82.21% |         524     17.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1505473     93.47%     93.47% |       63158      3.92%     97.39% |        4218      0.26%     97.66% |       37741      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1610590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         935      5.82%      5.82% |        3779     23.52%     29.35% |        4485     27.92%     57.26% |        6865     42.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        16064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      520636     77.09%     77.09% |       64355      9.53%     86.61% |       39138      5.79%     92.41% |       51268      7.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       675397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       13151     50.28%     50.28% |        4792     18.32%     68.60% |        3746     14.32%     82.92% |        4467     17.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        26156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5206     37.26%     37.26% |        2998     21.46%     58.72% |        2826     20.23%     78.95% |        2941     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1978518     94.33%     94.33% |       73342      3.50%     97.83% |        3410      0.16%     97.99% |       42101      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2097371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     1517827     92.37%     92.37% |       69605      4.24%     96.61% |       11205      0.68%     97.29% |       44575      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1643212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       30550     25.08%     25.08% |       36772     30.18%     55.26% |       23346     19.16%     74.42% |       31162     25.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       121830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      473941     94.69%     94.69% |       14462      2.89%     97.58% |        2618      0.52%     98.10% |        9519      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       500540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3259     16.22%     16.22% |        6986     34.77%     50.99% |        3090     15.38%     66.37% |        6758     33.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        20093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         578      3.32%      3.32% |        5425     31.13%     34.45% |        6007     34.47%     68.92% |        5416     31.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        17426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4842     27.89%     27.89% |        4050     23.33%     51.22% |        4243     24.44%     75.66% |        4225     24.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        17360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         161      3.48%      3.48% |        1496     32.32%     35.80% |        1470     31.76%     67.57% |        1501     32.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         4628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1824      8.77%      8.77% |        6403     30.78%     39.54% |        5115     24.59%     64.13% |        7463     35.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        20805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      332770     43.79%     43.79% |      143257     18.85%     62.64% |      121013     15.92%     78.56% |      162936     21.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       759976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1861737930     99.26%     99.26% |     6622354      0.35%     99.61% |     2511853      0.13%     99.74% |     4794978      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1875667115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4351     39.46%     39.46% |        2480     22.49%     61.95% |        1778     16.13%     78.08% |        2417     21.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        6879     14.44%     14.44% |       13288     27.89%     42.33% |       13584     28.51%     70.84% |       13896     29.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        47647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       41797     28.48%     28.48% |       41094     28.00%     56.49% |       28163     19.19%     75.68% |       35692     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       146746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   293881825     99.86%     99.86% |      250398      0.09%     99.94% |       53111      0.02%     99.96% |      114606      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    294299940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      440060     87.57%     87.57% |       38196      7.60%     95.17% |         963      0.19%     95.36% |       23301      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       502520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         566     13.14%     13.14% |        1377     31.97%     45.11% |        1015     23.57%     68.68% |        1349     31.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         4307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     1064546     97.02%     97.02% |       21821      1.99%     99.01% |         789      0.07%     99.08% |       10087      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1097243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           9      2.41%      2.41% |         142     37.97%     40.37% |          48     12.83%     53.21% |         175     46.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         288      4.68%      4.68% |        2144     34.81%     39.48% |        1367     22.19%     61.67% |        2361     38.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    57977412     97.11%     97.11% |      876448      1.47%     98.58% |      350183      0.59%     99.16% |      499795      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     59703838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    38662006     95.28%     95.28% |      866496      2.14%     97.41% |      386884      0.95%     98.37% |      663133      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     40578519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         367      4.69%      4.69% |        2564     32.75%     37.43% |        2126     27.15%     64.58% |        2773     35.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         7830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      913972     91.39%     91.39% |       51521      5.15%     96.54% |        2621      0.26%     96.80% |       32014      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1000128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         180     19.89%     19.89% |         240     26.52%     46.41% |         281     31.05%     77.46% |         204     22.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4169     42.09%     42.09% |        2156     21.77%     63.86% |        1705     17.22%     81.08% |        1874     18.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     1505473     93.47%     93.47% |       63158      3.92%     97.39% |        4218      0.26%     97.66% |       37741      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1610590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         935      5.82%      5.82% |        3779     23.52%     29.35% |        4485     27.92%     57.26% |        6865     42.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        16064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       47389     27.36%     27.36% |       48915     28.25%     55.61% |       36098     20.84%     76.46% |       40772     23.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       173174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         855     29.03%     29.03% |         518     17.59%     46.62% |        1048     35.59%     82.21% |         524     17.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      473247     94.23%     94.23% |       15440      3.07%     97.30% |        3040      0.61%     97.91% |       10496      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       502223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       13151     50.28%     50.28% |        4792     18.32%     68.60% |        3746     14.32%     82.92% |        4467     17.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        26156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        5206     37.26%     37.26% |        2998     21.46%     58.72% |        2826     20.23%     78.95% |        2941     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        13971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1978518     94.33%     94.33% |       73342      3.50%     97.83% |        3410      0.16%     97.99% |       42101      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2097371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       139192      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1660650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         505168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11026      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2097371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       733935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       542863      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1278562      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1277037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          17734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         6160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              21553      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          21393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          16064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2126784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        15064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       796356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       467142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       124118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        33984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11026      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        16428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       814234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        33802      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       731581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       516081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        16064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2097371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1696      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        10354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1277037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1457      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         6373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         3981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          20688      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        16428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            865      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       796356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        15064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       467142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        13971      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2112813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         6154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        16045      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.505976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2505975557500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55331737439001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 137566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249529                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              247962407                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2101912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10106.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390280363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2521806111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45142144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          45142144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22885120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       22885120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       705346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             705346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       357580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            357580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18013801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             18013801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9132220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             9132220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     27146021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            27146021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     705346                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    357580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   705346                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  357580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              45096768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  45376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               22884160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               45142144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            22885120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   709                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            45400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            42456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            42608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            43303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            43862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            43860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            43824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            43414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           46244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           45228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           43910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           45640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           45818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            23798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            22092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            21777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            22668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            20986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            21263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           22504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           21745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           23085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           23239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2505975136000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               705346                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              357580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 702586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 22017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 22267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 22270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 22271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       395320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.963007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.377119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   194.206587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       189027     47.82%     47.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       134820     34.10%     81.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        29602      7.49%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13038      3.30%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8735      2.21%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5610      1.42%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3812      0.96%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2829      0.72%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7847      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       395320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.659837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.627439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        21912     98.45%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          282      1.27%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           52      0.23%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.065283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.061578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.358485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           21533     96.75%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              12      0.05%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             700      3.15%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9183848944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22395792694                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3523185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13033.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31783.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       18.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        9.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    18.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     9.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  493538                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 173336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               48.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2357619.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1497575520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               817129500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2756278200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1153880640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        164418465120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        286300787310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1259245250250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1716189366540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           681.755141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2087718833000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83679960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 334572962500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1541884680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               841306125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2892489600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1184479200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        164418465120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        294086977335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1252415241750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1717380843810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           682.228463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2076192376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83679960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 346101525250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50403904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          50403904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30830656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       30830656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       787561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             787561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       481729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            481729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20113486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             20113486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12302856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            12302856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     32416342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            32416342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     787561                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    481729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   787561                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  481729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              50378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  25728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               30830592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               50403904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            30830656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            51351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            47650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            47351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            48613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            48408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            46339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            46897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            48734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            48764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            48783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           51531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           49868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           49299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           50312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           51844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           51415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            31390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            29819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            29364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            30891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            30673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            28943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            28264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            29640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            29686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            29260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           30653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           30082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           29467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           30776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           31838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2505974055500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               787561                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              481729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 784768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 29756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 30038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 30050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 30051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 30050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 30044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 30041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 30032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 30041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 30037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 30036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 30035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 30032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 30023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 30020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 30019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       456816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   177.770446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.656907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.626738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       245465     53.73%     53.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110191     24.12%     77.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37572      8.22%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16775      3.67%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26502      5.80%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7564      1.66%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3775      0.83%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2761      0.60%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6211      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       456816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.223906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    66.600440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        29957     99.80%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           41      0.14%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            5      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        30017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.048506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.045743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.309615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           29283     97.55%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              29      0.10%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             694      2.31%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               6      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        30017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 10688459436                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25447690686                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3935795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13578.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32328.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       20.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       12.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    20.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    12.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  567647                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 244420                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1974311.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   64.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1726348680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               941956125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3077451000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1556910720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        164418465120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        260556026805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1281828356250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1714105514700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           680.927340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2125537298250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83679960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 296753868250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1776887280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               969531750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3214356600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1585448640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        164418465120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        268558807995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1274808372750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1715331870135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           681.414509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2113529695501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83679960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 308764590749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5010999675                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300138398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353753251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511733444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     895858                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161269186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511733444                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2950033782                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037789131                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941679958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529844072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389433377                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350574774                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38858603                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              307223137.453313                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4703776537.546687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.938690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.061310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166820472                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919613      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232686938     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4269043      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4394      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350574774     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38858603      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353769889                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5011951121                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78103814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143928274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142697016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4276767                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10360638                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142697016                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295868325                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113749541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71653707                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43346404                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35417653                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23434238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11983415                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4706539071.652501                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              305412049.347499                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.060937                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.939063                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16823478                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               128317      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107623939     74.78%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56892      0.04%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    28060      0.02%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23434238     16.28%     91.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11983415      8.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143929038                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5013565643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3072561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6292390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6167659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     159058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       488976                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6167659                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12442253                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5043628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3669071                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1979576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1464900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     903281                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    561619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4999045770.157969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14519872.842031                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           700542                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                88444      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4698922     74.67%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9236      0.15%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28743      0.46%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  903281     14.35%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 561619      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6292617                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5009233430                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4224854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8623381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8387196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     194621                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       671377                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8387196                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16494765                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6891067                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5103075                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3113142                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1820608                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1125102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    695506                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4987666094.056944                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              21567335.943056                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004306                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995694                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           937627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                90056      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6669246     77.34%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9479      0.11%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    28245      0.33%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1125102     13.05%     91.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 695506      8.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8623590                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3773                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3773                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3507                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          255                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3359                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               236981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1930500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1853946                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1721946                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1669486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1671985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              125958                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2214500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2331500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1797500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               29666284                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.603151                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.111518                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    27440816     92.50%     92.50% |        6380      0.02%     92.52% |     2216698      7.47%     99.99% |         529      0.00%     99.99% |        1740      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 29666284                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4683806404                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043612                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4674880587     99.81%     99.81% |     8925817      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4683806404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4683806404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.091509                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004306                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.065828                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4683662294    100.00%    100.00% |       90394      0.00%    100.00% |       50016      0.00%    100.00% |        2403      0.00%    100.00% |        1073      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4683806404                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4678744165                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4678744165    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4678744165                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5062239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.667974                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    53.273717                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.190097                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4918129     97.15%     97.15% |       90394      1.79%     98.94% |       50016      0.99%     99.93% |        2403      0.05%     99.97% |        1073      0.02%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5062239                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    392392962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2032895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    394425857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1865322028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        62658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1865384686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           598                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35122448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       349411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35471859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    101665945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        93800                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    101759745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1421528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1468411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3991364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        42009                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4033373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1748562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1824708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5567420                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        42415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5609835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1251605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1494612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2746217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            50                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.172429                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0      2095553                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21530                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2101537                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2045122                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2018579                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       932355                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          690                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1076234                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0     16764424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    151310664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16360976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16148632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     67129560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        49680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8609872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.035701                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       443211                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39999                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       452706                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       360930                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       336525                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       194650                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3545688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       319992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32594832                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2887440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2692200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     14014800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       194688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1009088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.006068                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        88892                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30038                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        95888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        51237                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36381                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        12771                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2689                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7810                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       711136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       240304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6903936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       409896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       291048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       919512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       193608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.009119                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       118561                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37269                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       127122                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86732                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        69549                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36349                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3412                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14102                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       948488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9152784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       693856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       556392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2617128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       245664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       112816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.342032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0      4216392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        84036                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5037740                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4573889                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2461034                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1176125                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9495                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1224282                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     33731136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       672288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    362717280                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36591112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19688272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84681000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9794256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.056373                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0       693957                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1062999                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1028997                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0      5551656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76535928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8231976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.066247                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0       776218                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1269330                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1069363                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0      6209744                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     91391760                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8554904                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.001147                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.076593                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0      4216392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128836                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5085150                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4608135                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2461034                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1176125                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9495                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1247383                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     33731136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1030688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    366130800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36865080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19688272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84681000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9979064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        12649176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       341708                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     15255445                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     21207507                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3556860                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3742533                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        101193408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2733664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1098392040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    169660056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    256093920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     29940264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.208115                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21530                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2089919                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2030471                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    150474168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16243768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.136743                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2095553                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11618                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14651                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2018579                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       932355                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          690                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1076234                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     16764424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       836496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       117208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16148632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     67129560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        49680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8609872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.043196                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39999                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       439920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       319992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31674240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2644864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       443211                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12786                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30322                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       336525                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       194650                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3545688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       920592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       242576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2692200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     14014800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       194688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1009088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008338                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30038                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86303                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29039                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       240304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6213816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       232312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003798                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        88892                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9585                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22198                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36381                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        12771                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2689                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7810                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       711136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       690120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       291048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       919512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       193608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011341                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37269                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       115616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58994                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8324352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       471952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006897                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       118561                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11506                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27738                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        69549                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36349                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3412                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14102                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       948488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       828432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       221904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       556392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2617128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       245664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       112816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.319764                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2746217                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1491238                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1529554                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2461034                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1176125                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9495                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1224282                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     21969736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107369136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12236432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19688272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84681000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9794256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.364300                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1470175                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        84036                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3546502                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3044335                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11761400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       672288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    255348144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     24354680                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042487                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       693957                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       357516                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       335672                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5551656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25741152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2685376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.070259                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       705483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       693325                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50794776                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5546600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.054036                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       776218                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       481665                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       293797                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6209744                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34679880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2350376                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.078459                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       787665                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       775566                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56711880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6204528                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000230                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.208115                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21530                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2089919                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2030471                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    150474168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16243768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.043196                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39999                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       439920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       319992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31674240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2644864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008338                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30038                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86303                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29039                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       240304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6213816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       232312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.011341                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37269                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       115616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58994                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8324352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       471952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.319764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      2746217                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1491238                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1529554                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2461034                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1176125                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9495                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1224282                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     21969736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107369136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12236432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19688272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84681000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       683640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9794256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.042487                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       693957                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       357516                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       335672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      5551656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25741152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2685376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.054036                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       776218                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       481665                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       293797                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      6209744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34679880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2350376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14163899                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.233371                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.893569                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11983843     84.61%     84.61% |        1942      0.01%     84.62% |     2175847     15.36%     99.98% |         468      0.00%     99.99% |        1678      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14163899                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      15276329                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.027747                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.436537                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    15195319     99.47%     99.47% |       35598      0.23%     99.70% |        1574      0.01%     99.71% |        2864      0.02%     99.73% |       40557      0.27%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        15276329                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        226056                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000106                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.014571                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      226044     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          226056                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735160264                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.373004                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.018891                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.981999                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   735076772     99.99%     99.99% |       53121      0.01%    100.00% |       28702      0.00%    100.00% |        1018      0.00%    100.00% |         551      0.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735160264                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731599117                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731599117    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    731599117                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3561147                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    78.002627                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.633389                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.158897                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3477655     97.66%     97.66% |       53121      1.49%     99.15% |       28702      0.81%     99.95% |        1018      0.03%     99.98% |         551      0.02%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3561147                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91699118                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.531733                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.056202                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.699575                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91641242     99.94%     99.94% |       35264      0.04%     99.98% |       20632      0.02%    100.00% |        1359      0.00%    100.00% |         499      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91699118                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90633950                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90633950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90633950                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1065168                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.865141                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.755042                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    98.909379                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1007292     94.57%     94.57% |       35264      3.31%     97.88% |       20632      1.94%     99.81% |        1359      0.13%     99.94% |         499      0.05%     99.99% |          96      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1065168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852593944                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000302                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.574909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852570886    100.00%    100.00% |       20868      0.00%    100.00% |         740      0.00%    100.00% |         923      0.00%    100.00% |         333      0.00%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852593944                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852213872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3852213872    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852213872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       380072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.467411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.391067                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.215284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      357014     93.93%     93.93% |       20868      5.49%     99.42% |         740      0.19%     99.62% |         923      0.24%     99.86% |         333      0.09%     99.95% |         153      0.04%     99.99% |          10      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       380072                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3149552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.284608                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023169                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.978479                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3149367     99.99%     99.99% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3149552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3128092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3128092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3128092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.770177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.836440                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.270280                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21275     99.14%     99.14% |         126      0.59%     99.73% |          52      0.24%     99.97% |           5      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21460                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.421420                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.211899                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.957459                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      598835     99.51%     99.51% |        2561      0.43%     99.94% |          63      0.01%     99.95% |         157      0.03%     99.98% |         104      0.02%     99.99% |          40      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       601763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       567371                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      567371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       567371                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        34392                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.368022                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.868575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.848772                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       31464     91.49%     91.49% |        2561      7.45%     98.93% |          63      0.18%     99.12% |         157      0.46%     99.57% |         104      0.30%     99.87% |          40      0.12%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        34392                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601763    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       601763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601763    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601763                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      693957     47.20%     47.20% |      776218     52.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1470175                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      357516     42.60%     42.60% |      481665     57.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       839181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      705346     47.25%     47.25% |      787561     52.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1492907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      357580     42.60%     42.60% |      481729     57.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       839309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11526     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      335672     53.33%     53.33% |      293797     46.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       629469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      693957     47.20%     47.20% |      776218     52.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1470175                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      357379     42.60%     42.60% |      481561     57.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       838940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      335672     53.33%     53.33% |      293797     46.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       629469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      693957     47.20%     47.20% |      776218     52.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1470175                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      357379     42.60%     42.60% |      481561     57.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       838940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          241                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354338843     93.56%     93.56% |    22550531      5.95%     99.51% |      848131      0.22%     99.74% |      998367      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378735872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865384688     94.36%     94.36% |   101759745      5.15%     99.51% |     4033373      0.20%     99.72% |     5609835      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976787641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40087014     73.61%     73.61% |    12921328     23.73%     97.34% |      620280      1.14%     98.48% |      826341      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54454963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15341     14.69%     14.69% |       33026     31.63%     46.33% |       24887     23.84%     70.16% |       31150     29.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       104404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2083096     77.53%     77.53% |      428021     15.93%     93.46% |       72443      2.70%     96.16% |      103234      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2686794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         760     22.56%     22.56% |        1160     34.43%     56.99% |         717     21.28%     78.27% |         732     21.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5429     25.78%     25.78% |        5813     27.60%     53.37% |        4434     21.05%     74.42% |        5387     25.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        21063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1038     29.20%     29.20% |         745     20.96%     50.15% |        1214     34.15%     84.30% |         558     15.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1526059     83.16%     83.16% |      250269     13.64%     96.79% |       15401      0.84%     97.63% |       43416      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1835145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2206     10.47%     10.47% |        5055     24.00%     34.47% |        5845     27.75%     62.22% |        7957     37.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        21063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      560616     64.29%     64.29% |      183851     21.08%     85.38% |       63843      7.32%     92.70% |       63685      7.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       871995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15210     49.56%     49.56% |        5786     18.85%     68.41% |        4655     15.17%     83.58% |        5040     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        30691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        6672     37.04%     37.04% |        4036     22.40%     59.44% |        3803     21.11%     80.55% |        3503     19.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2008589     83.68%     83.68% |      320786     13.36%     97.04% |       20581      0.86%     97.90% |       50451      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2400407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     1541661     81.95%     81.95% |      262548     13.96%     95.91% |       24952      1.33%     97.23% |       52041      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1881202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       57299     25.88%     25.88% |       89150     40.27%     66.15% |       37248     16.82%     82.97% |       37702     17.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       221399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      484318     82.81%     82.81% |       76323     13.05%     95.86% |       10743      1.84%     97.69% |       13491      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       584875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        5720     16.87%     16.87% |       13410     39.55%     56.42% |        4915     14.49%     70.91% |        9864     29.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        33909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         920      4.77%      4.77% |        5662     29.33%     34.09% |        6796     35.20%     69.29% |        5929     30.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        19307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        5359     27.51%     27.51% |        4650     23.87%     51.37% |        4761     24.44%     75.81% |        4713     24.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        19483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         361      6.57%      6.57% |        1587     28.90%     35.48% |        1803     32.84%     68.31% |        1740     31.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         5491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3515     12.06%     12.06% |        8598     29.50%     41.56% |        7605     26.09%     67.65% |        9429     32.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        29147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      390644     40.82%     40.82% |      220424     23.03%     63.85% |      158613     16.57%     80.42% |      187427     19.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       957108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1865322028     94.37%     94.37% |   101665945      5.14%     99.52% |     3991364      0.20%     99.72% |     5567420      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1976546757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5635     38.97%     38.97% |        3291     22.76%     61.73% |        2589     17.90%     79.63% |        2945     20.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        8159     14.68%     14.68% |       15468     27.84%     42.52% |       15938     28.68%     71.20% |       16001     28.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        55566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       70992     27.60%     27.60% |       98637     38.34%     65.94% |       44257     17.20%     83.15% |       43354     16.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       257240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   294057706     97.75%     97.75% |     6476765      2.15%     99.90% |      132107      0.04%     99.95% |      159143      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    300825721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      448013     75.23%     75.23% |      119581     20.08%     95.30% |        3793      0.64%     95.94% |       24175      4.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       595562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         771     14.19%     14.19% |        1444     26.58%     40.77% |        1345     24.76%     65.53% |        1873     34.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         5433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     1076234     87.91%     87.91% |      126136     10.30%     98.21% |        7810      0.64%     98.85% |       14102      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1224282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         439     30.53%     30.53% |         643     44.71%     75.24% |         123      8.55%     83.80% |         233     16.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         604      7.28%      7.28% |        2839     34.20%     41.48% |        1897     22.86%     64.34% |        2960     35.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    58347912     77.74%     77.74% |    15585132     20.77%     98.51% |      525663      0.70%     99.21% |      593827      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     75052534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    39148687     73.51%     73.51% |    12720546     23.89%     97.40% |      601352      1.13%     98.53% |      783990      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53254575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         690      7.27%      7.27% |        2704     28.48%     35.75% |        2689     28.32%     64.07% |        3412     35.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         9495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      932355     79.27%     79.27% |      194650     16.55%     95.82% |       12771      1.09%     96.91% |       36349      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1176125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         321     16.62%     16.62% |         517     26.77%     43.40% |         594     30.76%     74.16% |         499     25.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4825     37.80%     37.80% |        2974     23.30%     61.11% |        2537     19.88%     80.98% |        2427     19.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        12763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     1526059     83.16%     83.16% |      250269     13.64%     96.79% |       15401      0.84%     97.63% |       43416      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1835145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2206     10.47%     10.47% |        5055     24.00%     34.47% |        5845     27.75%     62.22% |        7957     37.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        21063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       76974     26.99%     26.99% |      106686     37.41%     64.40% |       52511     18.41%     82.81% |       49012     17.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       285183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1038     29.20%     29.20% |         745     20.96%     50.15% |        1214     34.15%     84.30% |         558     15.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      483642     82.42%     82.42% |       77165     13.15%     95.57% |       11332      1.93%     97.50% |       14673      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       15210     49.56%     49.56% |        5786     18.85%     68.41% |        4655     15.17%     83.58% |        5040     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        30691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        6672     37.04%     37.04% |        4036     22.40%     59.44% |        3803     21.11%     80.55% |        3503     19.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2008589     83.68%     83.68% |      320786     13.36%     97.04% |       20581      0.86%     97.90% |       50451      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2400407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       240884      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1900562      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         590371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        14460      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2400407      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       831410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       636999      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1470175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1468650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          22258      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              28568      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          32095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          21063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2439971      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        26178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       935404      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       508593      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       214685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        44293      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        14459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          814      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        25848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       899745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        74850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       828125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       598783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        21063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3369      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2400407      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        12368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1468650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1965      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         7530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         4838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          27522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        25848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1046      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          814      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       935400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        26182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       508593      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18014      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2421957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        12742      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8291      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        21033      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
