
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.744435                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                744435167500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54256305733501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 103932                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172083                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              276695111                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1878860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2690.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   279623999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     462980781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     58862976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          58862976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32452608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       32452608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       919734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             919734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       507072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            507072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     79070655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             79070655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43593599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            43593599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    122664253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           122664253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     919734                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    507072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   919734                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  507072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              58764544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  98432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               32449600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               58862976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            32452608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1538                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   53                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            58283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            58703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            58151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            58748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            62429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            57498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            56088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            53673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            53909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            55043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           54576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           53798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           59965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           59811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           58244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           59277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            30241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            30834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            31310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            31393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            35009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            33780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            32524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            31335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            30497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            30979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           31794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           31942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           32075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           30447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           30218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 744439046000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               919734                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              507072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 917023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 25494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 25938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 28171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 28703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 28603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 28488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 28440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 28430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 28432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 28441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 28446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 28475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 28486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 28444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 28672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 28414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 28413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 28491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1322382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.977103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.792798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.280018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1249604     94.50%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70211      5.31%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          489      0.04%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          192      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          160      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          113      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          105      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1357      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1322382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.335750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.860791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        28399     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        28414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.844197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.832457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.630785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2634      9.27%      9.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             274      0.96%     10.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           24425     85.96%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1048      3.69%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              32      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        28414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 18558464993                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            35774639993                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4590980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20211.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38961.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       78.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       43.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    79.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    43.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   33402                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  69436                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 3.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               13.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    521752.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    7.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              5051546640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2756300250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3641086800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1661685840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        411354900765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         90262032000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          563833597335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           749.945489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 143228912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 576348324250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              4962656160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2707798500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3574615200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1623952800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        410937036615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         90628579500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          563540683815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           749.555890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 144556571751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 575020664499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     58836736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          58836736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     32551424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       32551424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       919324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             919324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       508616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            508616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     79035406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             79035406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43726338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            43726338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122761745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           122761745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     919324                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    508616                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   919324                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  508616                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              58748736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  88000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               32549824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               58836736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            32551424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1375                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            58286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            58731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            58860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            58733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            62508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            57426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            55969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            53147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            54919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            55589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           54765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           53672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           59123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           59416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           58022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           58783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            30221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            30857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            31940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            31638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            35050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            33864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            32462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            31131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            31207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            31332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           32104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           32048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           32419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           31791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           30325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 744435241000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               919324                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              508616                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 916762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 25484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 25937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 28289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 28800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 28699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 28583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 28536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 28519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 28529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 28538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 28550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 28582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 28590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 28538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 28765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 28514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 28511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 28590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1323350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.990486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.800654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.322279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1250330     94.48%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70440      5.32%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          508      0.04%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          181      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          143      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          162      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          114      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          123      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1349      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1323350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.215215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.720533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        28497     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        28511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.838413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.826306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.640626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2737      9.60%      9.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             278      0.98%     10.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           24385     85.53%     96.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1080      3.79%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              28      0.10%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        28511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18628384743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            35839928493                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4589745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20293.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39043.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       78.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       43.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    79.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    43.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   33284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  69906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 3.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               13.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    521335.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    7.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              5057571960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2759587875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3641835600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1666558800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        411144995700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         90446159250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          563822754225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           749.931067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 143531330500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 576045570500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              4964326920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2708710125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3572127000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1629344160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        410344749900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         91148121000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          563473424145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           749.466443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145487803000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 574089419500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     58718720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          58718720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32512768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       32512768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       917480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             917480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       508012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            508012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     78876875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             78876875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43674412                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            43674412                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122551287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           122551287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     917480                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    508012                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   917480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  508012                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              58628032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  90688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               32511424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               58718720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            32512768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1417                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            58317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            59059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            58309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            58542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            62109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            57600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            56045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            52863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            54817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            56019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           54261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           53102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           58993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           59176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           58065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           58786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            30434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            30945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            31672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            31845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            35012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            33865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            32558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            30875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            31044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            31286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           32120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           31703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           32370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           31775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           30270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           30217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 744434959000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               917480                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              508012                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 914861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 25493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 25913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 28230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 28785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 28669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 28546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 28491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 28486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 28492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 28499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 28508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 28531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 28565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 28504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 28749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 28477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 28476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 28549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1320946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.995596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.807788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.218602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1247843     94.47%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70552      5.34%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          470      0.04%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          190      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          174      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          112      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          117      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1331      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1320946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.187364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.887413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        28459     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        28474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.840521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.828479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.638909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            2718      9.55%      9.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             252      0.89%     10.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           24392     85.66%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1080      3.79%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              29      0.10%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        28474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 18561021240                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            35737202490                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4580315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    20261.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               39011.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       78.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       43.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    78.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    43.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   32852                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  70255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 3.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               13.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    522230.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                    7.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              5049845640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2755372125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3635307000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1666830960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        410588778870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy         90934068750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          563736248385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           749.816007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 144303995249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 575274041251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              4953901680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2703021750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             3563796600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1625184000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        410356256490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy         91138027500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          563446233060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           749.430276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145394116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 574184405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     58826496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          58826496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32540224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       32540224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       919164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             919164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       508441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            508441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     79021651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             79021651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43711293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            43711293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122732944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           122732944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     919164                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    508441                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   919164                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  508441                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              58736896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  89600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               32540160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               58826496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            32540224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            58036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            58426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            58517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            58094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            62179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            57297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            56659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            53306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            54955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            55690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           54650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           53258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           59033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           60008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           58432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           59224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            30183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            30759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            31807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            31304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            35024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            33861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            32651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            31179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            31020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            31202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           32211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           32058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           32163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           30380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           30359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 744440379500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               919164                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              508441                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 916569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 25526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 25972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 28248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 28809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 28687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 28573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 28505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 28502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 28508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 28509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 28530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 28563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 28599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 28524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 28800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 28494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 28494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 28563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1323571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.962671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.783284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.241636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1250989     94.52%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70031      5.29%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          469      0.04%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          183      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          150      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          169      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          130      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          100      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1350      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1323571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.225424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.850845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        28478     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        28493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.844383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.832421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.637023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            2671      9.37%      9.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             284      1.00%     10.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           24391     85.60%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1103      3.87%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              43      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        28493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 18618156241                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            35826231241                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4588820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20286.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               39036.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       78.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       43.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    79.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    43.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   33046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  69586                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 3.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               13.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    521461.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    7.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              5047985880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2754357375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             3632608200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1663992720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        410935893480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy         90629582250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          563770464945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           749.861518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 143848131500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 575731570750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              4975205760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2714646000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             3579599400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1630918800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         49106045040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        410760148230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy         90783736500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          563550299730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           749.568694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 144861405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  24858340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 574715817250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1484953174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1300986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2714562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2668596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      72010                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       223915                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2668596                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5180379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2182370                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1669238                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             909584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       547434                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     340676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    206758                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1479620971.854898                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5332202.145102                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003591                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996409                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           317931                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                28764      1.06%      1.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2129264     78.42%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3650      0.13%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     5987      0.22%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  340676     12.55%     92.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 206758      7.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2715123                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1487467613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3682588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7214970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7104464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     169627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       654102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7104464                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           13893162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5767956                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4728576                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2567266                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1499708                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     981492                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    518216                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1472940787.215780                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              14526825.784220                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.009766                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.990234                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           860486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                33814      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5666500     78.54%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8131      0.11%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     5463      0.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  981492     13.60%     92.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 518216      7.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7215062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1494643171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269242714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442491713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346466385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5373830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16409133                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346466385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          736978761                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276002996                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177387810                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152752198                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92874447                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73852155                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19022292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              14970315.611984                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1479672855.388016                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.989984                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.010016                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26478356                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3912467      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254688779     57.56%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2548      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      441      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.57%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73852155     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19022292      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442494247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1490804224                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2168220                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4345776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4235372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      88854                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       383355                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4235372                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8131793                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3461745                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2796595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1673937                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       837295                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     517724                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    319571                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1482075977.638848                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              8728246.361152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005855                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994145                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           503409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                32680      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3462017     79.66%     80.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3824      0.09%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     9804      0.23%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  517724     11.91%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 319571      7.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4345864                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1758                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1758                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2328500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              568483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              571482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              634786                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              578484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              880500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              799500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    485970626                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000698                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   485970389    100.00%    100.00% |         237      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    485970626                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      485970626                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.091248                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.056958                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.612008                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   484984523     99.80%     99.80% |      922117      0.19%     99.99% |        9302      0.00%     99.99% |       17581      0.00%     99.99% |       29596      0.01%    100.00% |        7379      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        485970626                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    482297025                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.078282                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.018949                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.881303                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   478521491     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |     3775533      0.78%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    482297025                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3673601                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.080700                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   129.491140                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.848873                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2687498     73.16%     73.16% |      922117     25.10%     98.26% |        9302      0.25%     98.51% |       17581      0.48%     98.99% |       29596      0.81%     99.80% |        7379      0.20%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3673601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           30                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       541007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        12583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       553590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1658988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        15700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1674688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        17722                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        10561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        28283                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1453612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1501764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4674808                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        27391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4702199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        48318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        75543                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104471020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7270883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    111741903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    362100301                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        19674                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    362119975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      3671553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      3619004                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      7290557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         17464                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       806870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        32630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       839500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      2814885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        22122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2837007                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        37941                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        16811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        54752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.128805                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21277                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3735805                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3722519                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1531944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29886440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29780152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.132364                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        39554                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3755724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          513                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3705856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2847888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     30045792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        60984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29646848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       217800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.299918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3619004                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3623494                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10951399                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1971473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3576547                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576547                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1605074                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114073                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3619004                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28952032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    260891568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     87611192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    141946056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28612376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28612376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12840592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       912584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     28952032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.132410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        45039                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3726038                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3716273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3242808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29808304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        22968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29730184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.298152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       920751                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14417                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       905735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59718                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       492063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       895304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       895304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       403241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       935740                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       920751                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7366008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65212920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       477744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35428536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7162432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7162432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3225928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7485920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7366008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.298067                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       916614                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       905367                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59306                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493719                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       894995                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       894995                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       401276                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       931509                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       916614                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7332912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65186424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       474448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35547768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3210208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7452072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7332912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.297631                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       916866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       903579                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59011                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493191                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14821                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       893242                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       893242                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       400051                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       931684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       916866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7334928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1024488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65057688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       472088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35509752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7145936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7145936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3200408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7453472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7334928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.298155                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       919370                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       905289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58839                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       894973                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       894973                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       401307                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       934140                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       919370                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65180808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       470712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35543952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7159784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7159784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3210456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7473120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.009673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59502                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.302154                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3673601                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3674667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4     11202920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1972639                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59502                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3578514                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3578514                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1605875                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     11258721                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3673601                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29388808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    264576024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     89623360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    142030008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28628112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28628112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12847000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     90069768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29388808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     11020893                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11195403                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     33608760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5917917                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     26474319                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     26250515                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     11020803                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     88167144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    806069016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    268870080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    426090024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    211794552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    210004120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     88166424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.129007                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24005                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3722519                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       759744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29780152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.128602                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10725                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3711800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       772200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29694400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.134811                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27210                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62199                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3705856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1959120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       497592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29646848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129916                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3693525                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          513                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       888768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29548200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        60984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       217800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.581849                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3618991                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10841824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576547                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114073                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    260567352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     86734592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28612376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       912584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.017986                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3619004                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       109575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1971473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3576547                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1605074                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3619004                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28952032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       876600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    141946056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28612376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12840592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     28952032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.131171                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16780                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        38018                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3716273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1208160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       304144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29730184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28259                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3688020                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2034648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29504160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        22968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.256779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       920751                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59718                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       492063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       895304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       403241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       920751                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7366008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        22896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       477744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35428536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7162432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3225928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7366008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.339525                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14417                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       905417                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       895304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       935740                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65190024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7162432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7485920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.256896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       916614                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59306                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493719                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       894995                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       401276                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       916614                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7332912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       474448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35547768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3210208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7332912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.339237                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       905085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       894995                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       931509                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65166120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7452072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.256639                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       916866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59011                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493191                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14821                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       893242                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       400051                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       916866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7334928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       472088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35509752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7145936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3200408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7334928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.338624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       903306                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       893242                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       931684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1024488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65038032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7145936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7453472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.257040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       919370                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58839                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       894973                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       401307                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       919370                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       470712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35543952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7159784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3210456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.339271                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       905028                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       894973                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       934140                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     65162016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      7159784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      7473120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017348                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59502                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.129007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24005                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3722519                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       759744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29780152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.134811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62199                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3705856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1959120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       497592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29646848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     1.581849                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3618991                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10841824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114073                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    260567352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     86734592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28612376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       912584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.131171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        38018                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3716273                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1208160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       304144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29730184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.256779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       920751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          318                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59718                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       492063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       895304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       403241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       920751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7366008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        22896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       477744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35428536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7162432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3225928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7366008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.256896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       916614                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493719                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       894995                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       401276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       916614                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7332912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       474448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35547768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3210208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7332912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.256639                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       916866                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493191                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14821                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       893242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       400051                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       916866                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7334928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       472088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35509752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7145936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3200408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7334928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.257040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       919370                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58839                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       493666                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       894973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       401307                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       919370                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      7354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       470712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     35543952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      7159784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3210456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      7354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.017348                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89295505                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.934292                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.199901                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     19.892905                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88838557     99.49%     99.49% |      429149      0.48%     99.97% |        3996      0.00%     99.97% |        6552      0.01%     99.98% |       13768      0.02%    100.00% |        3418      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89295505                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     87578613                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.377926                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.094856                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.906943                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    84268790     96.22%     96.22% |           0      0.00%     96.22% |           0      0.00%     96.22% |           0      0.00%     96.22% |           0      0.00%     96.22% |     3309822      3.78%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     87578613                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1716892                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.334477                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.458151                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.305811                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1259944     73.39%     73.39% |      429149     25.00%     98.38% |        3996      0.23%     98.61% |        6552      0.38%     99.00% |       13768      0.80%     99.80% |        3418      0.20%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1716892                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     14959754                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.063552                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.005314                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.601784                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    14959223    100.00%    100.00% |         431      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      14959754                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14949838                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.010497                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002520                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.323822                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    14934145     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |       15693      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14949838                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9916                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    81.051029                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.708171                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.435854                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        9385     94.65%     94.65% |         431      4.35%     98.99% |          11      0.11%     99.10% |          30      0.30%     99.41% |          49      0.49%     99.90% |          10      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9916                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371333869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003539                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000584                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.424844                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371333375    100.00%    100.00% |         451      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371333869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371325305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002055                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.143353                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   371248982     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |       76323      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371325305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.350304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.575830                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.866006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8070     94.23%     94.23% |         451      5.27%     99.50% |          12      0.14%     99.64% |           4      0.05%     99.68% |          21      0.25%     99.93% |           6      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8564                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       171044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.946143                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.088185                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.287621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      170395     99.62%     99.62% |         465      0.27%     99.89% |         159      0.09%     99.99% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       171044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       168883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.145604                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.035531                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.197850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      166424     98.54%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |        2459      1.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       168883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.508561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.483423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.463956                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1512     69.97%     69.97% |         465     21.52%     91.49% |         159      7.36%     98.84% |           9      0.42%     99.26% |           5      0.23%     99.49% |           2      0.09%     99.58% |           4      0.19%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           2      0.09%     99.86% |           3      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2161                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105227                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.077671                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.573713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.718482                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     4577281     89.66%     89.66% |      491918      9.64%     99.29% |        5276      0.10%     99.40% |       10991      0.22%     99.61% |       15753      0.31%     99.92% |        3945      0.08%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105227                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3169159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.171402                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.324308                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.215874                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     2797923     88.29%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |      371236     11.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3169159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1936068                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.406388                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.513208                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.923834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1408122     72.73%     72.73% |      491918     25.41%     98.14% |        5276      0.27%     98.41% |       10991      0.57%     98.98% |       15753      0.81%     99.79% |        3945      0.20%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1936068                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105227                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105227    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105227                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105227                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105227    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    478521415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   478521415    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    478521415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        54765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.883374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.850765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.600675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54470     99.46%     99.46% |         104      0.19%     99.65% |         178      0.33%     99.98% |          13      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        54765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.017393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.005554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.371831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       54543     99.65%     99.65% |         121      0.22%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |          71      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.041491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.031677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.489872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54318     99.24%     99.24% |         150      0.27%     99.51% |         113      0.21%     99.72% |           3      0.01%     99.72% |         151      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.002229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.002113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.077851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54725     99.98%     99.98% |          10      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        54735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.810743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.216734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       24199     44.21%     44.21% |       25704     46.96%     91.17% |        2565      4.69%     95.86% |          12      0.02%     95.88% |          10      0.02%     95.90% |           4      0.01%     95.91% |        2241      4.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        54735                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3775610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999469                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          76      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3775533    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3775610                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.612152                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.147152                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.853769                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2632733     72.75%     72.75% |      922117     25.48%     98.23% |        9302      0.26%     98.49% |       17581      0.49%     98.97% |       29596      0.82%     99.79% |        7379      0.20%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.053573                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.009526                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.924785                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     3606727     99.67%     99.67% |           4      0.00%     99.67% |           6      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |       12082      0.33%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.051784                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.029049                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.997005                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3605663     99.64%     99.64% |        1070      0.03%     99.67% |        8779      0.24%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |        3324      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000028                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000027                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.009988                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3618822    100.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      3618836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean   103.506767                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    98.143873                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    54.898954                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     3540213     97.83%     97.83% |       18093      0.50%     98.33% |        8901      0.25%     98.57% |       21325      0.59%     99.16% |       30063      0.83%     99.99% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      3618836                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84268785                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84268785    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     84268785                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        37510                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.563103                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.554374                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.842089                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37481     99.92%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |          15      0.04%     99.97% |          13      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        37510                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3309828                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999985                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999960                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012303                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           5      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3309822    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3309828                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1679382                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.585266                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.368181                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.806638                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1222434     72.79%     72.79% |      429149     25.55%     98.34% |        3996      0.24%     98.58% |        6552      0.39%     98.97% |       13768      0.82%     99.79% |        3418      0.20%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1679382                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14934083                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14934083    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     14934083                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4388                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.097767                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.991139                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.872928                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4260     97.08%     97.08% |          87      1.98%     99.07% |          41      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4388                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15755                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.960647                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.896688                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.626101                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          62      0.39%      0.39% |           0      0.00%      0.39% |           0      0.00%      0.39% |           0      0.00%      0.39% |           0      0.00%      0.39% |       15693     99.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15755                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5528                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.527677                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.329951                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.484617                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4997     90.39%     90.39% |         431      7.80%     98.19% |          11      0.20%     98.39% |          30      0.54%     98.93% |          49      0.89%     99.82% |          10      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5528                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371248982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371248982    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    371248982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.427291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.422113                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.595729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5422     99.18%     99.18% |          45      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        76323                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76323    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        76323                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3097                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.702615                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.978043                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.471147                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2603     84.05%     84.05% |         451     14.56%     98.61% |          12      0.39%     99.00% |           4      0.13%     99.13% |          21      0.68%     99.81% |           6      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3097                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       166424                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      166424    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       166424                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.300469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.227896                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.305434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1486     99.66%     99.66% |           5      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2459                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2459    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2459                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          670                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.282090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.745878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.171844                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          21      3.13%      3.13% |         465     69.40%     72.54% |         159     23.73%     96.27% |           9      1.34%     97.61% |           5      0.75%     98.36% |           2      0.30%     98.66% |           4      0.60%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           2      0.30%     99.55% |           3      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2797923                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2797923    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2797923                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.826705                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.738504                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.673326                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5776     97.75%     97.75% |          11      0.19%     97.94% |         122      2.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       371236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      371236    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       371236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1930159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.717364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.050287                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.725598                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1402213     72.65%     72.65% |      491918     25.49%     98.13% |        5276      0.27%     98.41% |       10991      0.57%     98.98% |       15753      0.82%     99.79% |        3945      0.20%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1930159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105218                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105218    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105218                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      487125     24.96%     24.96% |      487754     24.99%     49.95% |      487879     25.00%     74.95% |      488770     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1951528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      436799     25.18%     25.18% |      431847     24.90%     50.08% |      432018     24.91%     74.99% |      433715     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1734379                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      895304     25.02%     25.02% |      894995     25.01%     50.03% |      893242     24.96%     74.99% |      894973     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      3578514                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        6031     28.95%     28.95% |        4113     19.74%     48.69% |        4825     23.16%     71.85% |        5866     28.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        20835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      914720     25.04%     25.04% |      912501     24.98%     50.02% |      912041     24.97%     74.99% |      913504     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      3652766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |         163     24.85%     24.85% |         165     25.15%     50.00% |         167     25.46%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          15     21.13%     21.13% |          18     25.35%     46.48% |          18     25.35%     71.83% |          20     28.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           71                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      403078     25.11%     25.11% |      401111     24.99%     50.10% |      399884     24.91%     75.01% |      401146     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1605219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      492048     24.94%     24.94% |      493701     25.03%     49.97% |      493173     25.00%     74.97% |      493646     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1972568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14417     25.23%     25.23% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14229     24.90%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      919734     25.02%     25.02% |      919324     25.01%     50.03% |      917480     24.96%     74.99% |      919164     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3675702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      507072     24.95%     24.95% |      508616     25.03%     49.98% |      508012     25.00%     74.98% |      508441     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2032141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |       59718     25.21%     25.21% |       59306     25.04%     50.25% |       59011     24.91%     75.16% |       58839     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       236874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         318     28.04%     28.04% |         282     24.87%     52.91% |         273     24.07%     76.98% |         261     23.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total         1134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       15009     25.22%     25.22% |       14897     25.04%     50.26% |       14821     24.91%     75.17% |       14775     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        59502                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           3     10.00%     83.33% |           5     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        1611     33.66%     33.66% |         716     14.96%     48.62% |        1081     22.59%     71.21% |        1378     28.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         4786                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        3245     28.96%     28.96% |        2215     19.76%     48.72% |        2475     22.08%     70.80% |        3272     29.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        11207                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         178     24.48%     24.48% |         183     25.17%     49.66% |         185     25.45%     75.10% |         181     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total          727                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        1677     23.95%     23.95% |        1659     23.69%     47.64% |        2105     30.06%     77.71% |        1561     22.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         7002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |        8781     27.67%     27.67% |        6937     21.86%     49.52% |        7896     24.88%     74.40% |        8126     25.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        31740                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      895126     25.02%     25.02% |      894812     25.01%     50.03% |      893057     24.96%     74.99% |      894792     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      3577787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         100     37.31%     37.31% |          66     24.63%     61.94% |          55     20.52%     82.46% |          47     17.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         218     25.17%     25.17% |         216     24.94%     50.12% |         218     25.17%     75.29% |         214     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           3     20.00%     33.33% |           5     33.33%     66.67% |           5     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |         159     24.61%     24.61% |         153     23.68%     48.30% |         192     29.72%     78.02% |         142     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total          646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      482902     24.94%     24.94% |      484582     25.03%     49.96% |      483893     24.99%     74.95% |      484965     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      1936342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      422354     25.11%     25.11% |      420347     24.99%     50.11% |      419216     24.93%     75.03% |      419916     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1681833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       14317     25.18%     25.18% |       14239     25.04%     50.22% |       14174     24.93%     75.14% |       14136     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        56866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         374     24.90%     24.90% |         376     25.03%     49.93% |         374     24.90%     74.83% |         378     25.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1502                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          82     40.39%     40.39% |          43     21.18%     61.58% |          24     11.82%     73.40% |          54     26.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           3     10.00%     83.33% |           5     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        5770     28.91%     28.91% |        3915     19.62%     48.53% |        4606     23.08%     71.61% |        5665     28.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        19956                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      914700     25.04%     25.04% |      912499     24.98%     50.02% |      912038     24.97%     74.99% |      913499     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      3652736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          82     40.39%     40.39% |          43     21.18%     61.58% |          24     11.82%     73.40% |          54     26.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           3     10.00%     83.33% |           5     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           3     10.00%     83.33% |           5     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           3     10.00%     83.33% |           5     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |         159     24.61%     24.61% |         153     23.68%     48.30% |         192     29.72%     78.02% |         142     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total          646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      905258     25.02%     25.02% |      904932     25.01%     50.03% |      903114     24.96%     74.99% |      904886     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      3618190                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |         159     24.61%     24.61% |         153     23.68%     48.30% |         192     29.72%     78.02% |         142     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total          646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2150     24.98%     24.98% |        2152     25.01%     49.99% |        2150     24.98%     74.97% |        2154     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         8606                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         218     25.17%     25.17% |         216     24.94%     50.12% |         218     25.17%     75.29% |         214     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       14317     25.18%     25.18% |       14239     25.04%     50.22% |       14174     24.93%     75.14% |       14136     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        56866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       57080     25.13%     25.13% |       56836     25.03%     50.16% |       56644     24.94%     75.10% |       56544     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       227104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         300     37.31%     37.31% |         198     24.63%     61.94% |         165     20.52%     82.46% |         141     17.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         100     37.31%     37.31% |          66     24.63%     61.94% |          55     20.52%     82.46% |          47     17.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         100     37.31%     37.31% |          66     24.63%     61.94% |          55     20.52%     82.46% |          47     17.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |         188     52.22%     52.22% |         120     33.33%     85.56% |          52     14.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          360                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       14317     25.18%     25.18% |       14239     25.04%     50.22% |       14174     24.93%     75.14% |       14136     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        56866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         851     26.76%     26.76% |         751     23.62%     50.38% |         771     24.25%     74.62% |         807     25.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         3180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        2240     25.10%     25.10% |        2193     24.58%     49.68% |        2236     25.06%     74.74% |        2254     25.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total         8923                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |         163     24.85%     24.85% |         165     25.15%     50.00% |         167     25.46%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          15     21.13%     21.13% |          18     25.35%     46.48% |          18     25.35%     71.83% |          20     28.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           71                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      403078     25.11%     25.11% |      401111     24.99%     50.10% |      399884     24.91%     75.01% |      401146     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1605219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      492048     24.94%     24.94% |      493701     25.03%     49.97% |      493173     25.00%     74.97% |      493646     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1972568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          15     21.13%     21.13% |          18     25.35%     46.48% |          18     25.35%     71.83% |          20     28.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           71                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      506465     24.95%     24.95% |      508006     25.03%     49.98% |      507402     25.00%     74.98% |      507829     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      2029702                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57134                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57134                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57134                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57134                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      321600      0.36%      0.36% |      903575      1.01%      1.37% |    87624218     98.12%     99.49% |      455027      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89304420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1674688      0.45%      0.45% |     4702199      1.27%      1.72% |   362119983     97.52%     99.24% |     2837007      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371333877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      231990      0.92%      0.92% |      598193      2.36%      3.28% |    24129774     95.21%     98.48% |      384596      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25344553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1990      0.06%      0.06% |     3582947     99.93%     99.98% |         662      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      3585599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       23351      0.31%      0.31% |       70990      0.96%      1.27% |     7288713     98.07%     99.34% |       48902      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      7431956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3050      0.08%      0.08% |       22913      0.62%      0.70% |     3656030     98.83%     99.53% |       17295      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3699288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14677     19.23%     19.23% |       25426     33.31%     52.54% |       15524     20.34%     72.88% |       20696     27.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        76323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       17727      0.47%      0.47% |       48339      1.28%      1.75% |     3671554     97.24%     98.99% |       37991      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3775611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     1948107     33.28%     33.28% |     1942560     33.18%     66.46% |       17020      0.29%     66.75% |     1946220     33.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      5853907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1774412     32.83%     32.83% |     1763296     32.62%     65.45% |       97053      1.80%     67.25% |     1770053     32.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5404814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           6     20.00%     20.00% |          13     43.33%     63.33% |           5     16.67%     80.00% |           6     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21977      0.20%      0.20% |       61192      0.56%      0.76% |    10828760     98.90%     99.66% |       37058      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     10948987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        2028     11.89%     11.89% |        1007      5.90%     17.79% |       13064     76.58%     94.37% |         960      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        17059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1612     29.97%     29.97% |         955     17.75%     47.72% |         843     15.67%     63.39% |        1969     36.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        2278     11.28%     11.28% |        5176     25.64%     36.92% |        8728     43.23%     80.15% |        4007     19.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        20189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        6662      0.18%      0.18% |       21079      0.58%      0.76% |     3609420     98.94%     99.70% |       10804      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      3647965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1360      0.04%      0.04% |     3576547     99.95%     99.98% |         607      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3578514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        2327     11.20%     11.20% |        5269     25.35%     36.55% |        8985     43.23%     79.78% |        4202     20.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        20783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        8234      0.23%      0.23% |       21956      0.60%      0.83% |     3610019     98.83%     99.65% |       12609      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3652818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7132      0.42%      0.42% |       17307      1.01%      1.42% |     1681361     97.93%     99.35% |       11092      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1716892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1023     11.95%     11.95% |        1965     22.94%     34.89% |        4150     48.46%     83.35% |        1426     16.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         8564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1340      0.07%      0.07% |        7314      0.38%      0.45% |     1933042     99.42%     99.86% |        2634      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1944330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     1945791     33.33%     33.33% |     1937725     33.20%     66.53% |       14512      0.25%     66.78% |     1939328     33.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      5837356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1760635     32.94%     32.94% |     1747017     32.69%     65.63% |       93109      1.74%     67.37% |     1743779     32.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      5344540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       48041      0.25%      0.25% |      100083      0.51%      0.76% |    19346907     99.04%     99.79% |       40095      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     19535126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1100934      0.68%      0.68% |     3608771      2.22%      2.90% |   156300390     96.15%     99.04% |     1555002      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    162565097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1052     28.58%     28.58% |         607     16.49%     45.07% |         438     11.90%     56.97% |        1584     43.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         630      8.89%      8.89% |        6400     90.33%     99.22% |          55      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         7085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |        9901      7.11%      7.11% |       25433     18.26%     25.37% |       89245     64.07%     89.43% |       14721     10.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       139300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         740      0.98%      0.98% |        3870      5.11%      6.09% |       69529     91.85%     97.94% |        1559      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        75698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        8207     16.83%     16.83% |       17857     36.61%     53.44% |       11454     23.48%     76.92% |       11259     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        48777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         417     10.52%     10.52% |        1589     40.08%     50.59% |        1023     25.80%     76.39% |         936     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         3965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        4957     29.06%     29.06% |        7194     42.17%     71.23% |         931      5.46%     76.69% |        3977     23.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        17059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        8190     11.15%     11.15% |        8389     11.42%     22.57% |        1521      2.07%     24.64% |       55363     75.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        73463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      399088     18.89%     18.89% |      467502     22.13%     41.02% |         152      0.01%     41.03% |     1245872     58.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      2112614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           9     15.79%     15.79% |          11     19.30%     35.09% |          12     21.05%     56.14% |          25     43.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         219     30.12%     30.12% |         288     39.61%     69.74% |         220     30.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total          727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        6214     26.28%     26.28% |        5613     23.74%     50.01% |         248      1.05%     51.06% |       11572     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        23647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         615     16.92%     16.92% |         458     12.60%     29.52% |          60      1.65%     31.17% |        2502     68.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         3635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        5297     26.86%     26.86% |        5150     26.12%     52.98% |          12      0.06%     53.04% |        9259     46.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        19718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1319     27.96%     27.96% |         428      9.07%     37.03% |        1126     23.87%     60.89% |        1845     39.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         4718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        3109     27.74%     27.74% |        2185     19.50%     47.24% |         119      1.06%     48.30% |        5794     51.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        11207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       28918      0.07%      0.07% |       64308      0.15%      0.22% |    42357410     99.70%     99.92% |       36033      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     42486669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      158700      0.08%      0.08% |      597914      0.29%      0.37% |   205797560     99.63%     99.99% |       13238      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    206567412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2879      5.77%      5.77% |       10997     22.02%     27.79% |       31471     63.02%     90.80% |        4592      9.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        49939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         327      0.02%      0.02% |     1606039     99.97%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1606441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        3082      0.08%      0.08% |        5672      0.15%      0.22% |     3893681     99.72%     99.94% |        2240      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      3904675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         249      0.01%      0.01% |         758      0.03%      0.04% |     2267369     99.92%     99.96% |         916      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2269292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        1173     14.98%     14.98% |        2419     30.90%     45.89% |        4058     51.84%     97.73% |         178      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         7828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         209     28.24%     28.24% |          80     10.81%     39.05% |          59      7.97%     47.03% |         392     52.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        2232     24.93%     24.93% |        1593     17.79%     42.73% |        1359     15.18%     57.91% |        3768     42.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total         8952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           3     37.50%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      227089      1.02%      1.02% |      694389      3.13%      4.16% |    20951663     94.49%     98.65% |      300126      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     22173267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      225743      0.98%      0.98% |      574571      2.50%      3.49% |    21781662     94.90%     98.39% |      369597      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     22951573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         814      0.04%      0.04% |     1970220     99.94%     99.98% |         312      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      1971346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        4154      0.12%      0.12% |       34272      1.02%      1.14% |     3305539     98.25%     99.39% |       20369      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      3364334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1446      0.11%      0.11% |       17827      1.32%      1.43% |     1319072     97.66%     99.09% |       12318      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1350663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         371      5.20%      5.20% |        2738     38.41%     43.62% |         300      4.21%     47.83% |        3719     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         7128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        3479     15.09%     15.09% |        5307     23.02%     38.11% |        1535      6.66%     44.76% |       12735     55.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        23056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           4     18.18%     18.18% |          10     45.45%     63.64% |           3     13.64%     77.27% |           5     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |         735      0.97%      0.97% |        3853      5.09%      6.07% |       69529     91.93%     98.00% |        1515      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        75632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |        8207     16.83%     16.83% |       17857     36.61%     53.44% |       11454     23.48%     76.92% |       11259     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        48777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           5      7.58%      7.58% |          17     25.76%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          44     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         615     16.97%     16.97% |         454     12.53%     29.50% |          59      1.63%     31.13% |        2496     68.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         3624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        5297     26.86%     26.86% |        5150     26.12%     52.98% |          12      0.06%     53.04% |        9259     46.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        19718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     36.36%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         231      0.01%      0.01% |         673      0.03%      0.04% |     2244957     99.94%     99.98% |         398      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      2246259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        1173     14.98%     14.98% |        2419     30.90%     45.89% |        4058     51.84%     97.73% |         178      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         7828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |          18      0.08%      0.08% |          85      0.37%      0.45% |       22412     97.30%     97.75% |         518      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        23033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         634      0.06%      0.06% |       14037      1.43%      1.49% |      961791     97.71%     99.20% |        7846      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       984308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         812      0.22%      0.22% |        3790      1.03%      1.26% |      357281     97.52%     98.78% |        4472      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       366355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2462      0.04%      0.04% |       16613      0.29%      0.33% |     5797604     99.61%     99.93% |        3852      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      5820531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         506     51.32%     51.32% |         194     19.68%     70.99% |         148     15.01%     86.00% |         138     14.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         834      0.04%      0.04% |        7120      0.37%      0.41% |     1932894     99.46%     99.87% |        2496      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1943344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1793     38.42%     38.42% |         550     11.78%     50.20% |         290      6.21%     56.42% |        2034     43.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1057     28.21%     28.21% |         624     16.65%     44.86% |         438     11.69%     56.55% |        1628     43.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         3747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          27     13.24%     13.24% |          45     22.06%     35.29% |          39     19.12%     54.41% |          93     45.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           9     13.24%     13.24% |          15     22.06%     35.29% |          13     19.12%     54.41% |          31     45.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         464     12.81%     12.81% |         981     27.09%     39.91% |         817     22.56%     62.47% |        1359     37.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         3621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1563     33.02%     33.02% |         818     17.28%     50.31% |         586     12.38%     62.69% |        1766     37.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         4733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          14     12.84%     12.84% |          38     34.86%     47.71% |          35     32.11%     79.82% |          22     20.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      1.41%      1.41% |           1      0.35%      1.76% |         279     98.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        2712     18.31%     18.31% |        3060     20.66%     38.97% |        3813     25.74%     64.72% |        5226     35.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        14811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        5828      0.34%      0.34% |       13955      0.82%      1.16% |     1676525     98.37%     99.53% |        8029      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1704337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         132      6.86%      6.86% |         790     41.08%     47.95% |         279     14.51%     62.45% |         722     37.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         281      7.07%      7.07% |        1200     30.18%     37.25% |         473     11.90%     49.14% |        2022     50.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         3976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         834      0.04%      0.04% |        7124      0.37%      0.41% |     1932895     99.45%     99.86% |        2775      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1943628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       13245      0.26%      0.26% |       35890      0.70%      0.97% |     5023406     98.67%     99.63% |       18760      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      5091301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        1467     14.23%     14.23% |         504      4.89%     19.12% |        7857     76.24%     95.36% |         478      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        10306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          49      7.59%      7.59% |         137     21.21%     28.79% |         257     39.78%     68.58% |         203     31.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        2278     11.28%     11.28% |        5176     25.64%     36.92% |        8728     43.23%     80.15% |        4007     19.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        20189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        5828      0.34%      0.34% |       13959      0.82%      1.16% |     1676526     98.35%     99.51% |        8308      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1704621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           1      0.64%      0.64% |          43     27.56%     28.21% |          71     45.51%     73.72% |          41     26.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         266      6.89%      6.89% |         621     16.09%     22.99% |        2199     56.98%     79.97% |         773     20.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         3859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         121    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |         993     10.05%     10.05% |        2853     28.89%     38.94% |        2318     23.47%     62.41% |        3712     37.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         9876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         561      8.31%      8.31% |         503      7.45%     15.76% |        5207     77.11%     92.86% |         482      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         6753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        2327     11.20%     11.20% |        5269     25.35%     36.55% |        8985     43.23%     79.78% |        4202     20.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        20783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           8     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         219     30.12%     30.12% |         288     39.61%     69.74% |         220     30.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total          727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8914    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total         8914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      0.09%      0.09% |        3175     99.84%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         3180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1141      0.03%      0.03% |     3576259     99.96%     99.99% |         387      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      3577787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        8947      7.19%      7.19% |       21727     17.45%     24.64% |       80983     65.06%     89.70% |       12818     10.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       124475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        5912     25.32%     25.32% |        5608     24.01%     49.33% |          72      0.31%     49.64% |       11761     50.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        23353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1422      0.06%      0.06% |        3177      0.14%      0.20% |     2271427     99.75%     99.95% |        1094      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2277120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1446      0.11%      0.11% |       17827      1.32%      1.43% |     1319072     97.66%     99.09% |       12318      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1350663                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.176363                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1176363247500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54688233813501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  93113                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   163699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283164740                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2130764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4154.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   386821789                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680062161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    112364800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         112364800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64747968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       64747968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1755700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1755700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1011687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1011687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     95518795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             95518795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     55040795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            55040795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    150559590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           150559590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1755700                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1011687                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1755700                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1011687                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             112195008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 169792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               64745664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              112364800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            64747968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  2653                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   53                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           110350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           111463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           109273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           109730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           116494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           110541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           108845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           105560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           106381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           107290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          106123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          104433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          112839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          111818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          109800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          112107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            61706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            62565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            62125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            62188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            67826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            66090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            64713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            62824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            62067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            62638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           63124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           63010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           64092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           63393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           61727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           61563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1176363522000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1755700                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1011687                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1751752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 50795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 51726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 55883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 57203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 57070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 56874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 56821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 56823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 56813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 56764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 56764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 56822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 56869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 56763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 57268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 56696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 56690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 56931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2510179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.489265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.803141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.471812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2325859     92.66%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       175378      6.99%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4126      0.16%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1281      0.05%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          519      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          655      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          290      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          174      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1897      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2510179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.935349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.660112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        56649     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        56689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.845631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.833697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.636278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            5292      9.34%      9.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             571      1.01%     10.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           48499     85.55%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2252      3.97%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              73      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        56689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 35252971742                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            68122602992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                8765235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20109.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38859.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       95.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       55.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    95.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    55.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  129302                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 125217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 7.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               12.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    425080.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    9.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              9558758160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5215592250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             6906822000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3305085120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        663311072520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        128403834000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          894018557970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           755.236700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 205199622000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 931881280500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9435189960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5148169125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             6820725600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3250530000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        662761414395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        128885990250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          893619413250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           754.899516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 206719026251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 930361876249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    112320896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         112320896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64831936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       64831936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1755014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1755014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1012999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1012999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     95481473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             95481473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     55112174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            55112174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    150593647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           150593647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1755014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1012999                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1755014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1012999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             112156224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 164672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               64830336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              112320896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            64831936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  2573                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           110676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           111471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           109885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           109409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           116091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           110472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           108544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           105151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           107186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           107553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          106409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          104458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          112032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          111630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          109998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          111476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            61564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            62244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            62972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            62144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            67812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            66214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            64661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            62683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            62749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            62847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           63582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           63205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           63108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           61774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           61495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1176356209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1755014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1012999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1751156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 50720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 51679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 55990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 57301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 57164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 56990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 56942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 56900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 56906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 56854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 56874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 56922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 56935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 56846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 57331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 56788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 56781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 56985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2510855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.488588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.798402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.520032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2326962     92.68%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       174816      6.96%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4298      0.17%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1247      0.05%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          506      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          655      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          285      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          178      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1908      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2510855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.873439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.401535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        56738     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        56779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.840645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.828488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.642224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            5419      9.54%      9.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             608      1.07%     10.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           48435     85.30%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2243      3.95%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              68      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        56779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 35298823991                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            68157092741                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                8762205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20142.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38892.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       95.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       55.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    95.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    55.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  128801                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 125760                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 7.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               12.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    424982.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    9.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              9556459920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5214338250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             6902547600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3306847680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        662759021250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        128888089500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          893944698120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           755.174306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 205999879500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 931077942750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              9442976760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5152417875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             6820460400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3257457120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        661992005880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        129560910000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          893543621955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           754.835490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 207908998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 929171903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    112201152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         112201152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64739584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       64739584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1753143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1753143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1011556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1011556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     95379682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             95379682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     55033668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            55033668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    150413349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           150413349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1753143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1011556                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1753143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1011556                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             112033536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 167616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               64738688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              112201152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            64739584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  2619                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           110691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           111989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           109236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           109375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           115885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           110278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           109234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           104540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           107204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           108626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          105712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          103581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          111933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          111043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          109987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          111210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            61821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            62326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            62438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            62402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            67911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            66125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            64797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            62366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            62575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            62996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           63333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           62521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           64016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           62865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           61707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           61343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1176358032000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1753143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1011556                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1749220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 50759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 51687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 55929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 57228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 57047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 56897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 56814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 56792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 56796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 56753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 56756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 56820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 56862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 56756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 57284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 56693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 56684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 56920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      2507708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.491601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.800072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.515047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2323961     92.67%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       174716      6.97%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4220      0.17%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1255      0.05%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          524      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          673      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          292      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          178      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1889      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      2507708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.890724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.521644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        56641     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        56682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.845912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.833910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.638229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            5304      9.36%      9.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             584      1.03%     10.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           48417     85.42%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            2302      4.06%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              70      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        56682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 35275544738                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            68097869738                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                8752620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    20151.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38901.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       95.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       55.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    95.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    55.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  128229                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 126130                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 7.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               12.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    425492.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                    9.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              9549414000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              5210493750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             6898710000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            3306141360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        662064992955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        129496886250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          893844032235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           755.089267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 206973523749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 930105575001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              9426254040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              5143293375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             6809205000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            3248884080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        661767623955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        129757736250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          893470390620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           754.773627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 208157984250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 928922918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    112317888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         112317888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64804992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       64804992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1754967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1754967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1012578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1012578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     95478916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             95478916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     55089270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            55089270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    150568186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           150568186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1754967                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   1012578                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1754967                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 1012578                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             112156096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 161792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               64804672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              112317888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            64804992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  2528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           109932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           110965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           109300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           109040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           116226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           109833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           109971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           105037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           107683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           108059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          106168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          103647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          112057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          112216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          110672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          111633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            61452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            62066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            62641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            61857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            67946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            66030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            64940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            62716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            62491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            63030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           63640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           63086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           64150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           63373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           61621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           61534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1176364759000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1754967                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             1012578                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1751149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 50737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 51677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 55925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 57310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 57134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 56968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 56876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 56870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 56857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 56816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 56819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 56888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 56944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 56825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 57382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 56753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 56746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 56989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      2511270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.466593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.785745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.474508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2327792     92.69%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       174551      6.95%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4131      0.16%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1235      0.05%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          514      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          668      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          314      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          163      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1902      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      2511270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.887779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.691580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        56704     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           17      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        56745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.844268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.832068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.643576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            5389      9.50%      9.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             592      1.04%     10.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           48327     85.17%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            2344      4.13%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              90      0.16%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        56745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 35365424739                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            68223655989                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                8762195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20180.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38930.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       95.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       55.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    95.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    55.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  128407                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 125334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 7.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               12.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    425057.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    9.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              9546019560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              5208641625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             6891362400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            3302655120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        662344607025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        129251610750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          893862290400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           755.104690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 206617365000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 930463537500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              9456176520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              5159620125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             6831302400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            3259038240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         77317393920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        662459430105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        129150888750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          893633850060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           754.911712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 207205120250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39281320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 929875782250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2354250975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2619771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5277533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5187517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     134786                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       413662                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5187517                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3176                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           10339414                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4215394                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5131                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3068264                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1749164                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1173008                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     719445                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    453563                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2342923333.883231                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11327641.116769                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004812                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995188                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           591398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                53687      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  4030932     76.37%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    6323      0.12%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    11981      0.23%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2366      0.04%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  719445     13.63%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 453563      8.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5278297                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2351422940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  104410634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    211936351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            198059554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11009406                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3510142                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16621548                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   198059554                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11009406                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          389742674                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         158660172                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21516497                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10907360                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           116902459                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           66118427                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     41982421                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29132147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  12850274                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1493251851.118047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              858171088.881953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.364958                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.635042                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24448692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               515228      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                159002699     75.02%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   31784      0.01%     75.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     6355      0.00%     75.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10407552      4.91%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29132147     13.75%     93.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               12850274      6.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 211946055                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2358588693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  272194291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    448082561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            351995260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109610916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5478090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16855376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   351995260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109610916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          747916797                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         280432295                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204644675                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105654563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           180399284                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          154704812                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     94105879                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74563878                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19542001                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              868513999.226640                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1490074693.773360                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.631765                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.368235                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         27098354                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3942574      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                258994014     57.80%     58.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    6792      0.00%     58.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     8395      0.00%     58.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91027705     20.31%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74563878     16.64%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19542001      4.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 448085407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2353398737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4367602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8551956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8374886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20915                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     181146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       694532                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8374886                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        20915                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16628448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6734628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               33487                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              16284                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4994238                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2879387                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1897613                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1127513                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    770100                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2334873366.311858                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              18525370.688142                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007872                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992128                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           950343                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                63523      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6553597     76.63%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    6696      0.08%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    15158      0.18%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  15548      0.18%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1127513     13.18%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 770100      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8552151                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1702                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1702                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2767                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2767                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               135                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              135                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2569                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     9839                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2406500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               236981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1944000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              905981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              960372                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1002777                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              973472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              160939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1764500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1312000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1997500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1167224782                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000996                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1167223623    100.00%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1167224782                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1167224782                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.321001                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067556                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        13.886189                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1164121071     99.73%     99.73% |     2920011      0.25%     99.98% |       27190      0.00%     99.99% |       48205      0.00%     99.99% |       86100      0.01%    100.00% |       21789      0.00%    100.00% |         353      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1167224782                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1156235074                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.083777                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.020292                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.911454                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  1146548523     99.16%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |     9686549      0.84%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1156235074                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10989708                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.490221                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.166215                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.338790                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7885997     71.76%     71.76% |     2920011     26.57%     98.33% |       27190      0.25%     98.58% |       48205      0.44%     99.01% |       86100      0.78%     99.80% |       21789      0.20%    100.00% |         353      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     10989708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          129                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1145467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1182971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      3390182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        31814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3421996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        41455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        69318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     47686522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5656213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     53342735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    136533744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        41666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    136575410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      2088981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses      3608898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      5697879                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          5620                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    105674228                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7309286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    112983514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    365977783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        50063                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    366027846                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      3713231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      3646118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      7359349                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         17508                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1844274                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1904856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5774832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5814828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        67350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        33228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       100578                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.161971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27863                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        50134                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7387825                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7347790                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27863                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3609648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     59102600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58782320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       222904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.893296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3608898                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3629102                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4     14293486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2016262                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3332380                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3332380                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1316118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3766762                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3608898                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28871184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    261295344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    114347888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    145170864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     26659040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     26659040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     10528944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     30134096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     28871184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.924951                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3646118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3902784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4     14377594                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1972474                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3580692                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3580692                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1608218                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3729537                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3646118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29168944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    281000448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    115020752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    142018128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28645536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28645536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12865744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29836296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29168944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.165555                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        88685                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7367121                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          869                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          869                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7342463                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       265824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6385320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     58936968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        30744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58739704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       265824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.367171                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1832431                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1741703                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       996644                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15043                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1729334                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1729334                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       732690                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1847447                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1832431                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14659448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125402616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       478816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71758368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13834672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13834672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5861520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14779576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14659448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.366976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1825455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1741057                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       998070                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14929                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1728883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1728883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       730813                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1840336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1825455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14603640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125356104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       475472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71861040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13831064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13831064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5846504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14722688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14603640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.366658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1826892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1739242                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59139                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       996703                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1726933                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1726933                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       730230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1841738                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1826892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14615136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1024488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125225424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       473112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71762616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13815464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13815464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5841840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14733904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14615136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.367121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1831329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1741092                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       997771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1728858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1728858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       731087                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1846119                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1831329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14650632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125358624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       471736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71839512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13830864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13830864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5848696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14768952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14650632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.006124                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.377720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      7316107                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7316900                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4     21831709                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      3989188                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      6914008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6914008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      2924820                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     22186552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      7316107                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     58528856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    526816800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    174653672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    287221536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     55312064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     55312064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     23398560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3    177492416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     58528856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     21948615                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     22122107                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     65495127                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     11967564                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     50444892                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     51748744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     21948321                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    175588920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1592791704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    523961016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    861664608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    403559136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    413989952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    175586568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.162804                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27830                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62327                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7347790                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2003760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       498616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58782320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.161138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27863                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7325498                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27863                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1605888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     58603984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       222904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.065270                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3608854                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10546919                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3332380                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3766762                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    259837488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     84375352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     26659040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     30134096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.721322                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3608898                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3746567                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2016262                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3332380                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1316118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3608898                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28871184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1457856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29972536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    145170864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     26659040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     10528944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     28871184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.084469                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3646011                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10904819                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3580692                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3729537                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    262512792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     87238552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28645536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29836296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.765434                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3646118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       256773                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3472775                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1972474                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3580692                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1608218                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3646118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29168944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18487656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     27782200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    142018128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28645536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12865744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29168944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.164091                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33069                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        80252                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          869                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7342463                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2380968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       642016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58739704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.167019                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        55616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7286869                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          869                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       265824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4004352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     58294952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        30744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       265824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.322487                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1832431                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       996644                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15043                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1729334                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       732690                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1832431                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14659448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       478816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71758368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13834672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5861520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14659448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.411855                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1741383                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1729334                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1847447                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125379576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13834672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14779576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.322395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1825455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       998070                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14929                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1728883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       730813                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1825455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14603640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       475472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71861040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13831064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5846504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14603640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.411557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1740775                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1728883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1840336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125335800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13831064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14722688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.322131                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1826892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59139                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       996703                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1726933                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       730230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1826892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14615136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       473112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71762616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13815464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5841840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14615136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.411184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1738969                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1726933                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1841738                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1024488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125205768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13815464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14733904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.322576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1831329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       997771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1728858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       731087                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1831329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14650632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       471736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71839512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13830864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5848696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14650632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.411666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1740831                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1728858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1846119                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    125339832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13830864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14768952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001267                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.162804                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62327                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7347790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2003760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       498616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58782320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     1.065270                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3608854                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10546919                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3332380                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3766762                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    259837488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     84375352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     26659040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     30134096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     1.084469                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3646011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10904819                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3580692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3729537                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    262512792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     87238552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28645536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29836296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.164091                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        80252                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7342463                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2380968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       642016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58739704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.322487                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1832431                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59852                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       996644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1729334                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       732690                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1832431                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14659448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       478816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71758368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13834672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5861520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14659448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.322395                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1825455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59434                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       998070                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14929                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1728883                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       730813                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1825455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14603640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       475472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71861040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13831064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5846504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14603640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.322131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1826892                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59139                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       996703                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14853                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1726933                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       730230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1826892                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14615136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       473112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71762616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13815464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5841840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14615136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.322576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1831329                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58967                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       997771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1728858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       731087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1831329                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14650632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       471736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71839512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     13830864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      5848696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14650632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.010981                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216615305                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.908695                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.251966                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     23.113436                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   214961431     99.24%     99.24% |     1562261      0.72%     99.96% |       13473      0.01%     99.96% |       21169      0.01%     99.97% |       45284      0.02%     99.99% |       11445      0.01%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216615305                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    210722335                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.403341                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.101549                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.967417                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   202223029     95.97%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |     8499304      4.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    210722335                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5892970                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.254011                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.717775                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.863286                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4239096     71.93%     71.93% |     1562261     26.51%     98.45% |       13473      0.23%     98.67% |       21169      0.36%     99.03% |       45284      0.77%     99.80% |       11445      0.19%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5892970                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41098751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.224545                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.012137                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.504658                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41084846     99.97%     99.97% |       12941      0.03%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |         237      0.00%    100.00% |         549      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41098751                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41013794                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.011662                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002800                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.341293                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    40965965     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |       47829      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41013794                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        84957                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.996057                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.754219                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.391431                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       71052     83.63%     83.63% |       12941     15.23%     98.87% |          63      0.07%     98.94% |         237      0.28%     99.22% |         549      0.65%     99.86% |         115      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        84957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    883173949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004708                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.515178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   883172354    100.00%    100.00% |        1446      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    883173949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883143344                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000592                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.157029                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   882925523     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |      217821      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    883143344                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30605                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.700768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.943136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.552438                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       29010     94.79%     94.79% |        1446      4.72%     99.51% |          32      0.10%     99.62% |          24      0.08%     99.70% |          77      0.25%     99.95% |          16      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        30605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1181701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.422547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.035967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.394505                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1181177     99.96%     99.96% |         474      0.04%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1181701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1175060                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.054040                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.733129                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1168710     99.46%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |        6350      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1175060                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.626261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.312854                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.904529                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6117     92.11%     92.11% |         474      7.14%     99.25% |          18      0.27%     99.52% |          12      0.18%     99.70% |          16      0.24%     99.94% |           4      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6641                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.170804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.187478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.408744                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |    11143725     88.60%     88.60% |     1342889     10.68%     99.28% |       13604      0.11%     99.39% |       26763      0.21%     99.60% |       40174      0.32%     99.92% |       10209      0.08%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12577538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7603003                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.203794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.334634                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.254047                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     6687758     87.96%     87.96% |           0      0.00%     87.96% |           0      0.00%     87.96% |           0      0.00%     87.96% |           0      0.00%     87.96% |      915245     12.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      7603003                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4974535                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.124769                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.976429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.046330                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     3540722     71.18%     71.18% |     1342889     27.00%     98.17% |       13604      0.27%     98.45% |       26763      0.54%     98.98% |       40174      0.81%     99.79% |       10209      0.21%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4974535                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12577538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12577538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12577538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12577538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1146548081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1146548081    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1146548081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       408914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.419523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.397312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.535885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      408908    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       408914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.011913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.003241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.330464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      408098     99.83%     99.83% |         250      0.06%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         437      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.010817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.909716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      408781    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.049229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      408753     99.99%     99.99% |          32      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       408785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.384471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.038818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      314016     76.82%     76.82% |       76374     18.68%     95.50% |        7323      1.79%     97.29% |          62      0.02%     97.31% |          39      0.01%     97.32% |          22      0.01%     97.32% |       10949      2.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       408785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9686993                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998797                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.067549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         442      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9686549    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9686993                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.318988                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.723032                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.961151                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     7477085     70.67%     70.67% |     2920010     27.60%     98.26% |       27190      0.26%     98.52% |       48205      0.46%     98.98% |       86099      0.81%     99.79% |       21789      0.21%    100.00% |         353      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.044927                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007984                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.847040                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |    10551096     99.72%     99.72% |          14      0.00%     99.72% |          19      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |       29628      0.28%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.047478                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.026202                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.975140                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10547958     99.69%     99.69% |        3157      0.03%     99.72% |       20082      0.19%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |        9597      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000026                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000024                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.009325                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10580759    100.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples     10580794                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean   103.226558                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    97.670696                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    55.007004                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |    10355325     97.87%     97.87% |       52087      0.49%     98.36% |       24909      0.24%     98.60% |       60017      0.57%     99.16% |       87690      0.83%     99.99% |         466      0.00%    100.00% |         265      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total     10580794                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202223008                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202223008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    202223008                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       334420                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.183470                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.177428                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.126105                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      334415    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       334420                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8499327                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999976                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999935                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.015726                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          21      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8499304    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      8499327                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5558550                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.094083                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.618457                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.300221                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3904678     70.25%     70.25% |     1562260     28.11%     98.35% |       13473      0.24%     98.59% |       21169      0.38%     98.98% |       45283      0.81%     99.79% |       11445      0.21%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5558550                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40965606                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40965606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     40965606                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22250                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.522562                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.405647                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.985915                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       21726     97.64%     97.64% |         320      1.44%     99.08% |         204      0.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        22250                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        48188                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.925500                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.805238                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.859921                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         359      0.74%      0.74% |           0      0.00%      0.74% |           0      0.00%      0.74% |           0      0.00%      0.74% |           0      0.00%      0.74% |       47829     99.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        48188                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62707                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.292152                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.971772                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.455400                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       48802     77.83%     77.83% |       12941     20.64%     98.46% |          63      0.10%     98.56% |         237      0.38%     98.94% |         549      0.88%     99.82% |         115      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        62707                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    882925523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   882925523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    882925523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19390                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.499691                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.494802                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.577373                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       19389     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        19390                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       217821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      217821    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       217821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.374320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.836245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.417691                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9620     85.78%     85.78% |        1446     12.89%     98.67% |          32      0.29%     98.96% |          24      0.21%     99.17% |          77      0.69%     99.86% |          16      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1168710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1168710    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1168710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.593644                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.517065                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.374393                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4385     99.55%     99.55% |          13      0.30%     99.84% |           7      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6350    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.791592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.727169                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.807375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1712     76.57%     76.57% |         474     21.20%     97.76% |          18      0.81%     98.57% |          12      0.54%     99.11% |          16      0.72%     99.82% |           4      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6687758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6687758    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6687758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28449                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.003445                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.941536                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.215360                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       28122     98.85%     98.85% |          51      0.18%     99.03% |         274      0.96%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        28449                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       915245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      915245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       915245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4946086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.712153                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.997701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.667774                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3512273     71.01%     71.01% |     1342889     27.15%     98.16% |       13604      0.28%     98.44% |       26763      0.54%     98.98% |       40174      0.81%     99.79% |       10209      0.21%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4946086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12577476    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     12577476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           62                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           62                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      780184     24.98%     24.98% |      780743     25.00%     49.98% |      780578     24.99%     74.97% |      781612     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      3123117                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     1056769     25.10%     25.10% |     1049129     24.92%     50.01% |     1050747     24.95%     74.97% |     1054176     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      4210821                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     1729334     25.01%     25.01% |     1728883     25.01%     50.02% |     1726933     24.98%     74.99% |     1728858     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      6914008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       70909     25.52%     25.52% |       67282     24.22%     49.74% |       68549     24.67%     74.41% |       71104     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total       277844                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     1761522     25.03%     25.03% |     1758173     24.98%     50.01% |     1758343     24.98%     74.99% |     1760225     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      7038263                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1335     24.98%     24.98% |        1321     24.72%     49.70% |        1361     25.47%     75.17% |        1327     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         5344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          47     26.70%     26.70% |          43     24.43%     51.14% |          41     23.30%     74.43% |          45     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          176                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      731355     25.05%     25.05% |      729492     24.99%     50.04% |      728869     24.97%     75.00% |      729760     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      2919476                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      996597     24.98%     24.98% |      998027     25.02%     50.00% |      996662     24.99%     74.99% |      997726     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      3989012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14419     25.24%     25.24% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14229     24.90%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1755700     25.01%     25.01% |     1755014     25.00%     50.02% |     1753143     24.98%     75.00% |     1754967     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7018824                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1011687     24.99%     24.99% |     1012999     25.02%     50.01% |     1011556     24.98%     74.99% |     1012578     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4048820                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |       59852     25.21%     25.21% |       59434     25.04%     50.25% |       59139     24.91%     75.16% |       58967     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       237392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         320     28.17%     28.17% |         282     24.82%     52.99% |         273     24.03%     77.02% |         261     22.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total         1136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       15043     25.23%     25.23% |       14929     25.04%     50.26% |       14853     24.91%     75.17% |       14807     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        59632                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          27     27.55%     27.55% |          48     48.98%     76.53% |           7      7.14%     83.67% |          16     16.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           98                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        3963     29.52%     29.52% |        2554     19.02%     48.54% |        3276     24.40%     72.95% |        3632     27.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        13425                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       61360     25.35%     25.35% |       59248     24.48%     49.83% |       59513     24.59%     74.42% |       61898     25.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total       242019                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1382     25.04%     25.04% |        1364     24.71%     49.75% |        1402     25.40%     75.14% |        1372     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         5520                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        7321     24.49%     24.49% |        7411     24.79%     49.29% |        7840     26.23%     75.51% |        7319     24.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        29891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       18377     26.74%     26.74% |       15419     22.44%     49.18% |       17287     25.16%     74.34% |       17632     25.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        68715                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     1727952     25.01%     25.01% |     1727519     25.01%     50.02% |     1725531     24.98%     74.99% |     1727486     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      6908488                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         102     37.78%     37.78% |          66     24.44%     62.22% |          55     20.37%     82.59% |          47     17.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         218     25.17%     25.17% |         216     24.94%     50.12% |         218     25.17%     75.29% |         214     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          21     19.27%     19.27% |          25     22.94%     42.20% |          30     27.52%     69.72% |          33     30.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          109                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        1148     24.70%     24.70% |        1080     23.24%     47.93% |        1288     27.71%     75.65% |        1132     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         4648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      767520     24.96%     24.96% |      769503     25.03%     49.99% |      768209     24.99%     74.98% |      769331     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      3074563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      972694     25.05%     25.05% |      970167     24.99%     50.04% |      969442     24.97%     75.01% |      970335     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      3882638                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       14317     25.18%     25.18% |       14239     25.04%     50.22% |       14174     24.93%     75.14% |       14136     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        56866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         406     24.91%     24.91% |         408     25.03%     49.94% |         406     24.91%     74.85% |         410     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |         102     40.80%     40.80% |          51     20.40%     61.20% |          36     14.40%     75.60% |          61     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          27     27.55%     27.55% |          48     48.98%     76.53% |           7      7.14%     83.67% |          16     16.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           98                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       69632     25.52%     25.52% |       66106     24.23%     49.75% |       67218     24.64%     74.38% |       69894     25.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total       272850                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     1761495     25.03%     25.03% |     1758122     24.98%     50.01% |     1758336     24.98%     74.99% |     1760209     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      7038162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |         102     41.30%     41.30% |          48     19.43%     60.73% |          36     14.57%     75.30% |          61     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          27     27.55%     27.55% |          48     48.98%     76.53% |           7      7.14%     83.67% |          16     16.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           98                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          27     27.27%     27.27% |          48     48.48%     75.76% |           7      7.07%     82.83% |          17     17.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          27     27.55%     27.55% |          48     48.98%     76.53% |           7      7.14%     83.67% |          16     16.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           98                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        1148     24.70%     24.70% |        1080     23.24%     47.93% |        1288     27.71%     75.65% |        1132     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         4648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     1740235     25.01%     25.01% |     1739695     25.01%     50.02% |     1737681     24.98%     74.99% |     1739699     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      6957310                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        1148     24.70%     24.70% |        1080     23.24%     47.93% |        1288     27.71%     75.65% |        1132     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         4648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2278     24.98%     24.98% |        2280     25.01%     49.99% |        2278     24.98%     74.97% |        2282     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         9118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         218     25.17%     25.17% |         216     24.94%     50.12% |         218     25.17%     75.29% |         214     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       14317     25.18%     25.18% |       14239     25.04%     50.22% |       14174     24.93%     75.14% |       14136     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        56866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       57080     25.13%     25.13% |       56836     25.03%     50.16% |       56644     24.94%     75.10% |       56544     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       227104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         306     37.78%     37.78% |         198     24.44%     62.22% |         165     20.37%     82.59% |         141     17.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          810                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         102     37.78%     37.78% |          66     24.44%     62.22% |          55     20.37%     82.59% |          47     17.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         102     37.78%     37.78% |          66     24.44%     62.22% |          55     20.37%     82.59% |          47     17.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |         188     52.22%     52.22% |         120     33.33%     85.56% |          52     14.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          360                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       14317     25.18%     25.18% |       14239     25.04%     50.22% |       14174     24.93%     75.14% |       14136     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        56866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |        1257     25.77%     25.77% |        1199     24.58%     50.35% |        1187     24.33%     74.68% |        1235     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         4878                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        3163     24.91%     24.91% |        3166     24.93%     49.84% |        3209     25.27%     75.11% |        3160     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total        12698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1335     24.98%     24.98% |        1321     24.72%     49.70% |        1361     25.47%     75.17% |        1327     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         5344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          47     26.70%     26.70% |          43     24.43%     51.14% |          41     23.30%     74.43% |          45     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          176                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      731355     25.05%     25.05% |      729492     24.99%     50.04% |      728869     24.97%     75.00% |      729760     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      2919476                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      996597     24.98%     24.98% |      998027     25.02%     50.00% |      996662     24.99%     74.99% |      997726     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      3989012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          47     26.70%     26.70% |          43     24.43%     51.14% |          41     23.30%     74.43% |          45     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          176                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |     1011016     24.99%     24.99% |     1012332     25.02%     50.01% |     1010891     24.98%     74.99% |     1011909     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      4046148                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      680859      0.53%      0.53% |    37296636     29.29%     29.83% |    88315429     69.36%     99.18% |     1039566      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127332490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3421996      0.67%      0.67% |   136575410     26.68%     27.35% |   366027854     71.51%     98.86% |     5814828      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    511840088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      502113      1.19%      1.19% |    16051574     38.13%     39.32% |    24680181     58.62%     97.94% |      865415      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42099283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          98      0.00%      0.00% |     3568834     49.86%     49.86% |     3587858     50.13%     99.99% |         986      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      7157776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       60716      0.46%      0.46% |     5688635     43.12%     43.58% |     7353672     55.74%     99.31% |       90453      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     13193476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       13366      0.23%      0.23% |     2053678     35.59%     35.82% |     3672462     63.65%     99.47% |       30392      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      5769898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       28149     19.89%     19.89% |       35420     25.03%     44.93% |       40896     28.90%     73.83% |       37033     26.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       141498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       41515      0.70%      0.70% |     2089098     35.34%     36.04% |     3713358     62.82%     98.86% |       67425      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5911396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     3112443     33.24%     33.24% |     1963764     20.97%     54.21% |     1178713     12.59%     66.80% |     3109028     33.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      9363948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     4235347     33.03%     33.03% |     1802998     14.06%     47.09% |     2550824     19.89%     66.98% |     4233435     33.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total     12822604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          12     12.24%     12.24% |          53     54.08%     66.33% |          11     11.22%     77.55% |          22     22.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           98                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       54743      0.25%      0.25% |    10532952     48.87%     49.13% |    10886696     50.51%     99.64% |       77512      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     21551903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        7584     17.88%     17.88% |       13967     32.93%     50.81% |       18123     42.73%     93.54% |        2740      6.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        42414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        3616     20.27%     20.27% |        7582     42.50%     62.77% |        3871     21.70%     84.47% |        2770     15.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        8076      2.96%      2.96% |      240615     88.07%     91.03% |       17590      6.44%     97.47% |        6915      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total       273196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       16138      0.23%      0.23% |     3360657     47.84%     48.07% |     3624550     51.60%     99.67% |       23384      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      7024729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          67      0.00%      0.00% |     3332380     48.20%     48.20% |     3580692     51.79%     99.99% |         869      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      6914008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        8768      3.16%      3.16% |      242747     87.45%     90.61% |       18821      6.78%     97.39% |        7245      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       277581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       19095      0.27%      0.27% |     3366151     47.82%     48.10% |     3627297     51.53%     99.63% |       25983      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      7038526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       16157      0.39%      0.39% |     2445932     58.57%     58.96% |     1695180     40.59%     99.55% |       18809      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      4176078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3665     16.63%     16.63% |        6246     28.34%     44.97% |        9167     41.59%     86.56% |        2963     13.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        22041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6119      0.20%      0.20% |     1152654     37.09%     37.29% |     1939858     62.42%     99.70% |        9219      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3107850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     3106680     33.36%     33.36% |     1954588     20.99%     54.36% |     1154954     12.40%     66.76% |     3095189     33.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      9311411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     4205793     33.73%     33.73% |     1778387     14.26%     47.99% |     2305438     18.49%     66.48% |     4179566     33.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total     12469184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      108815      0.38%      0.38% |     8594358     30.40%     30.78% |    19476479     68.88%     99.66% |       95108      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     28274760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2590105      1.06%      1.06% |    78932622     32.34%     33.40% |   160076823     65.58%     98.97% |     2509256      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    244108806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1835     19.42%     19.42% |        3912     41.39%     60.81% |        1683     17.81%     78.62% |        2021     21.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          31      0.01%      0.01% |      236454     97.00%     97.01% |        7166      2.94%     99.95% |         117      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total       243768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       26459      2.92%      2.92% |      723597     79.99%     82.92% |      128084     14.16%     97.08% |       26444      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       904584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2869      0.53%      0.53% |      459854     84.91%     85.44% |       75751     13.99%     99.43% |        3102      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       541576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       17982     17.93%     17.93% |       26091     26.02%     43.96% |       36291     36.19%     80.15% |       19903     19.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       100267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        1611     18.52%     18.52% |        2668     30.67%     49.20% |        2170     24.95%     74.14% |        2249     25.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         8698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       11414     26.91%     26.91% |       10924     25.76%     52.67% |       10213     24.08%     76.75% |        9863     23.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        42414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       16697      0.27%      0.27% |     6043827     98.27%     98.54% |        6464      0.11%     98.64% |       83381      1.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      6150369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      568869      6.87%      6.87% |     5693680     68.80%     75.68% |         797      0.01%     75.69% |     2012017     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      8275363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          27      8.77%      8.77% |          37     12.01%     20.78% |         103     33.44%     54.22% |         141     45.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |          33      0.60%      0.60% |        1862     33.73%     34.33% |        3276     59.35%     93.68% |         349      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         5520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       10385     24.39%     24.39% |       11614     27.28%     51.67% |         697      1.64%     53.31% |       19876     46.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        42572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1589     14.78%     14.78% |        5100     47.44%     62.22% |         289      2.69%     64.91% |        3773     35.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        10751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        8110     26.72%     26.72% |        6314     20.80%     47.52% |          58      0.19%     47.72% |       15869     52.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        30351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        2790     21.33%     21.33% |        1275      9.75%     31.07% |        5566     42.55%     73.62% |        3451     26.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        13082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        7012      2.90%      2.90% |        3047      1.26%      4.16% |      213482     88.21%     92.37% |       18478      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total       242019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       72725      0.15%      0.15% |     6260629     12.81%     12.96% |    42430975     86.84%     99.80% |       99123      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     48863452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      230340      0.09%      0.09% |    51905874     20.02%     20.11% |   205896132     79.41%     99.52% |     1252062      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    259284408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        4657      0.51%      0.51% |      863651     94.81%     95.32% |       36283      3.98%     99.30% |        6362      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       910953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           9      0.00%      0.00% |     1317640     45.06%     45.06% |     1606325     54.93%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      2924080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        8343      0.14%      0.14% |     2008300     33.91%     34.05% |     3898468     65.82%     99.87% |        7633      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      5922744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2032      0.07%      0.07% |      673408     22.85%     22.92% |     2269034     76.99%     99.91% |        2519      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2946993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2057     18.91%     18.91% |        3015     27.71%     46.62% |        4547     41.79%     88.41% |        1261     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        10880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         410     12.12%     12.12% |         227      6.71%     18.82% |        1704     50.35%     69.18% |        1043     30.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         3384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        4895     15.75%     15.75% |        3529     11.36%     27.11% |       16325     52.53%     79.64% |        6329     20.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        31078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           5     14.29%     14.29% |          22     62.86%     77.14% |           5     14.29%     91.43% |           3      8.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      457362      1.32%      1.32% |    12076494     34.84%     36.16% |    21408346     61.76%     97.92% |      722088      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     34664290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      484282      1.29%      1.29% |    13831514     36.92%     38.21% |    22314033     59.56%     97.77% |      836764      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     37466593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          25      0.00%      0.00% |     2012878     50.52%     50.52% |     1971091     49.47%     99.99% |         414      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      3984408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       15529      0.25%      0.25% |     2945124     46.57%     46.82% |     3326423     52.60%     99.42% |       36500      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      6323576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        6876      0.30%      0.30% |      915316     40.31%     40.61% |     1327388     58.46%     99.08% |       20998      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2270578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         952      3.48%      3.48% |        5006     18.29%     21.77% |       14319     52.31%     74.08% |        7096     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        27373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        6233     16.44%     16.44% |        7111     18.76%     35.20% |        5366     14.16%     49.36% |       19197     50.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        37907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           7     11.11%     11.11% |          31     49.21%     60.32% |           6      9.52%     69.84% |          19     30.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           63                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        2815      0.52%      0.52% |      459744     84.94%     85.46% |       75628     13.97%     99.44% |        3045      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       541232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       17982     17.93%     17.93% |       26091     26.02%     43.96% |       36291     36.19%     80.15% |       19903     19.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       100267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          54     15.70%     15.70% |         110     31.98%     47.67% |         123     35.76%     83.43% |          57     16.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1583     14.77%     14.77% |        5093     47.53%     62.30% |         285      2.66%     64.96% |        3755     35.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        10716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        8110     26.72%     26.72% |        6314     20.80%     47.52% |          58      0.19%     47.72% |       15869     52.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        30351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           6     17.14%     17.14% |           7     20.00%     37.14% |           4     11.43%     48.57% |          18     51.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        1687      0.06%      0.06% |      660588     22.70%     22.76% |     2246051     77.19%     99.94% |        1604      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      2909930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2057     18.91%     18.91% |        3015     27.71%     46.62% |        4547     41.79%     88.41% |        1261     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        10880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         345      0.93%      0.93% |       12820     34.59%     35.52% |       22983     62.01%     97.53% |         915      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        37063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        2981      0.17%      0.17% |      745265     43.14%     43.31% |      966832     55.96%     99.27% |       12527      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      1727605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        3895      0.72%      0.72% |      170051     31.32%     32.04% |      360556     66.40%     98.44% |        8471      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       542973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       11086      0.12%      0.12% |     3417889     36.91%     37.03% |     5809133     62.73%     99.76% |       22038      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      9260146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1012     29.80%     29.80% |        1279     37.66%     67.46% |         758     22.32%     89.78% |         347     10.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        5107      0.16%      0.16% |     1151375     37.09%     37.25% |     1939100     62.46%     99.71% |        8872      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3104454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3197     29.86%     29.86% |        3485     32.55%     62.41% |        1378     12.87%     75.28% |        2646     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1889     19.29%     19.29% |        4022     41.06%     60.35% |        1806     18.44%     78.79% |        2078     21.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          99      9.62%      9.62% |         132     12.83%     22.45% |         321     31.20%     53.64% |         477     46.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          33      9.62%      9.62% |          44     12.83%     22.45% |         107     31.20%     53.64% |         159     46.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         940      7.66%      7.66% |        6182     50.40%     58.06% |        3399     27.71%     85.77% |        1746     14.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        12267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        2901     21.99%     21.99% |        5301     40.19%     62.18% |        2564     19.44%     81.62% |        2425     18.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        13191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          25      2.81%      2.81% |         737     82.72%     85.52% |          71      7.97%     93.49% |          58      6.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          18      4.86%      4.86% |           6      1.62%      6.49% |           2      0.54%      7.03% |         344     92.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        5001     18.77%     18.77% |        7334     27.53%     46.30% |        6321     23.73%     70.03% |        7983     29.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        26639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       11013      0.28%      0.28% |     2209276     56.36%     56.64% |     1685448     43.00%     99.64% |       14168      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3919905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         874      4.77%      4.77% |       15112     82.42%     87.18% |        1372      7.48%     94.67% |         978      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total        18336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2353      8.65%      8.65% |       18712     68.76%     77.41% |        3532     12.98%     90.39% |        2616      9.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        27213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        5125      0.17%      0.17% |     1151381     37.08%     37.25% |     1939102     62.45%     99.70% |        9216      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3104824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       28352      0.24%      0.24% |     6800506     57.06%     57.30% |     5055581     42.42%     99.71% |       34013      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total     11918452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        6608     21.98%     21.98% |       10793     35.90%     57.88% |       11263     37.46%     95.35% |        1399      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        30063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         715     15.38%     15.38% |        2281     49.07%     64.46% |        1307     28.12%     92.58% |         345      7.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         4648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        8076      2.96%      2.96% |      240615     88.07%     91.03% |       17590      6.44%     97.47% |        6915      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total       273196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       11031      0.28%      0.28% |     2209282     56.36%     56.64% |     1685450     42.99%     99.63% |       14512      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3920275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          12      2.52%      2.52% |         194     40.76%     43.28% |         203     42.65%     85.92% |          67     14.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         868     10.90%     10.90% |        1568     19.69%     30.59% |        4031     50.62%     81.20% |        1497     18.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         7964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           1      0.78%      0.78% |           2      1.55%      2.33% |           3      2.33%      4.65% |         123     95.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        3715      1.26%      1.26% |      278712     94.33%     95.59% |        7031      2.38%     97.97% |        5993      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total       295451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         976      7.90%      7.90% |        3174     25.70%     33.60% |        6860     55.54%     89.14% |        1341     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        12351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        8768      3.16%      3.16% |      242747     87.45%     90.61% |       18821      6.78%     97.39% |        7245      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total       277581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          23      8.75%      8.75% |         149     56.65%     65.40% |          76     28.90%     94.30% |          15      5.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |          33      0.60%      0.60% |        1862     33.73%     34.33% |        3276     59.35%     93.68% |         349      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         5520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3773     29.74%     29.74% |        8915     70.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total        12688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1698     34.81%     34.81% |        3178     65.15%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         4878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          34      0.00%      0.00% |     3330518     48.21%     48.21% |     3577416     51.78%     99.99% |         520      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      6908488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       20851      3.25%      3.25% |      485945     75.71%     78.96% |      112042     17.46%     96.42% |       23005      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       641843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        9699     23.60%     23.60% |       11414     27.77%     51.37% |         347      0.84%     52.21% |       19642     47.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        41102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        4089      0.14%      0.14% |      676423     22.87%     23.01% |     2273581     76.87%     99.87% |        3780      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2957873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        6876      0.30%      0.30% |      915316     40.31%     40.61% |     1327388     58.46%     99.08% |       20998      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2270578                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
