
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.756496                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1756496240000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53985087135501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 107682                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   160454                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              260906783                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2491764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6732.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   724941830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1080220231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    188239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         188239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85460352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       85460352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2941236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2941236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1335318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1335318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    107167382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            107167382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48653877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48653877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    155821259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           155821259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2941236                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1335318                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2941236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1335318                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             188183296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  55808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               85454016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              188239104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            85460352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           184627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           184955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           184407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           183596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           183623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           183217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           182612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           182712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           183210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           182485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          182931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          183138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          183883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          183588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          184678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          186702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            84208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            84480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            83796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            83085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            83152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            82988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            82494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            82786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            83124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            82631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           82877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           83181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           83837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           83438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           84153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           84989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1756496238500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2941236                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1335318                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2939908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 55881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 59145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 72753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 76702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 76912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 76894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 76798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 76801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 76667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 76744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 76672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 76649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 76384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 76308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 76193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 75861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 75811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 75810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1929616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   141.809206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.133466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   211.096141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1523313     78.94%     78.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       160623      8.32%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        62850      3.26%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        38920      2.02%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35130      1.82%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15990      0.83%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        24342      1.26%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9170      0.48%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59278      3.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1929616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.897355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1157.704432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75798     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::81920-90111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::172032-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        75805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.613865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.587130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.960038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           17091     22.55%     22.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2198      2.90%     25.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           50774     66.98%     92.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4650      6.13%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             881      1.16%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             171      0.23%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              27      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               7      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        75805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33394015250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            88525840250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14701820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11357.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30107.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      107.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       48.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   107.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    48.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1849580                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 496386                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                62.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    410727.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7299195120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3982695750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11488347000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4322088720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        114951342480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        550406326095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        573157257000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1265607252165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.115579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 948304108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  58653140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 749539230500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7308267120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3987645750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11510842200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4330130400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        114951342480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        551780635995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        571951722000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1265820585945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           719.236795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 946873461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58653140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 750965924750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188208704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         188208704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     85535680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       85535680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2940761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2940761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1336495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1336495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    107150075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            107150075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     48696762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            48696762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    155846837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           155846837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2940761                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1336495                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2940761                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1336495                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             188155008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  53696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               85530880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              188208704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            85535680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   839                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   68                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           184626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           184951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           184143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           183571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           183433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           183303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           182582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           182769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           183266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           182481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          182820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          183283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          183911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          183683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          184720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          186380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            84302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            84425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            83784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            83236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            83064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            83137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            82584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            82862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            83199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            82736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           83022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           83368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           83958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           83598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           84247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           84898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1756496016500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2940761                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1336495                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2939667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 56064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 59315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 72688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 76810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 76986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 76975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 76909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 76827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 76803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 76786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 76696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 76702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 76427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 76322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 76253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 75932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 75856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 75850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1930758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   141.750222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.067777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   211.221554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1525787     79.03%     79.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       159184      8.24%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        62697      3.25%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        39358      2.04%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        34948      1.81%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15565      0.81%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        24271      1.26%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9445      0.49%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59503      3.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1930758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.869238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1389.486605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75842     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::245760-253951            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        75848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.619713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.593046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.959453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           16887     22.26%     22.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2244      2.96%     25.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           50977     67.21%     92.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4617      6.09%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             902      1.19%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             171      0.23%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              27      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              16      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        75848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 33303727000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            88427264500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14699610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11328.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30078.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      107.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       48.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   107.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    48.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1848510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 497066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                62.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               37.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    410659.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7300314000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3983306250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11485008600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4324635360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        114951342480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        550443811005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        573124375500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1265612793195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           719.118727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 948189648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  58653140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 749651300250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7315743960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3991725375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11510569200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4335249600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        114951342480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        552059334360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        571707249750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1265871214725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           719.265562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 946486744750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58653140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 751352466500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3508709626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1392412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3039425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2974003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      90162                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       199866                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2974003                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6043746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2464344                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1672003                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             907670                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       717623                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     443011                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    274612                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3502581049.755062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6128576.244938                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001747                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998253                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           317386                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                52558      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2245939     73.89%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5731      0.19%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    17577      0.58%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  443011     14.58%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 274612      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3039428                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3512553513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3828542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7656833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7519444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     199496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       645432                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7519444                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14962374                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6117908                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4831736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2605850                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1732897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1124425                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    608472                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3496083136.319929                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              16470376.680071                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           880631                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54649      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5842361     76.30%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7644      0.10%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    18027      0.24%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1124425     14.69%     92.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 608472      7.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7656922                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3516307526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1284127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2765713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2704136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      75598                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       195397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2704136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5502594                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2243098                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1563419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             818086                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       659369                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     408715                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    250654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3510746443.214750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5561082.785250                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001582                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998418                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           295881                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                52600      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2029684     73.39%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5384      0.19%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    18668      0.67%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  408715     14.78%     90.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 250654      9.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2765735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3514913050                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717094748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064289253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463800084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     896199                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10826961                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463800084                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971685234                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343699064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111602038                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201604602                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129319430                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75422899                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53896531                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              11380673.467620                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3503532376.532380                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996762                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003238                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12013527                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               313194      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431266416     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   87730      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2210      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75422899      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53896531      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064305776                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1821                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1821                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1807                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1094500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1120998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1109500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1131269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              835500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              675500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              688500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1225733744                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000427                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1225733521    100.00%    100.00% |         223      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1225733744                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1225733744                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.879394                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.066089                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.519280                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1225589699     99.99%     99.99% |       74331      0.01%     99.99% |       67018      0.01%    100.00% |        1764      0.00%    100.00% |         628      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1225733744                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1202407691                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1202407691    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1202407691                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23326053                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.210257                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.872024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.991342                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    23182008     99.38%     99.38% |       74331      0.32%     99.70% |       67018      0.29%     99.99% |        1764      0.01%    100.00% |         628      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23326053                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       702761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       717275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1829239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        21888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1851127                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1666330                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        68447                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1734777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4985387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        23261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5008648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       645261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       659342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1692618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        14207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1706825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143060097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     23141545                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166201642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1047825998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        28110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1047854108                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           772                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17410380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5915673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23326053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.004467                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        36402                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        24605                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19893                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8483                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55214                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9845                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1197                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        59463                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       291216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       125064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1771560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1432296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        67864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       327312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       441712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78760                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       475704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.013564                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        91708                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73604                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22816                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3091                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        60359                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       167646                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15925                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       115172                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       733664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       806904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5299488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1642752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4345848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1341168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       127400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       921376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003409                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        28288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1686                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        18753                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14475                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5134                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3393                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        45256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       226304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1350216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1042200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       275616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       332736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27144                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       362048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     3.422568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23169655                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5867367                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17293418                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10132                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2655                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19578431                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     46286176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1274                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26734312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    185357240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    422450424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1245126096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       729504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1409647032                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    370289408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    213874496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     4.109218                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23326053                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11763994                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17410380                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8771                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22318977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     46550628                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5343627                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33676                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5036                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     32836200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186608424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47055976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    847007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1253547360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        70168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1606966344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    372405024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     42749016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       269408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    262689600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.334772                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1335318                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2670636                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23529888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    211768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     96142896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21365088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23529888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.334827                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1336495                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2672991                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23526088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    211734792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     96227640                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21383928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23526088                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.913648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23326053                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11763994                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17410380                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33658                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14067                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22318977                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     46550628                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5343627                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33676                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     32836200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186608424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47055976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    847007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1253547360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2423376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       112536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1606966344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    372405024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     42749016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       269408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        42368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    262689600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     87624150                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     35291982                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     52231140                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       100974                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        42201                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     66956931                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control    155682765                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       101028                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        15628                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     98508600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    700993200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2541022704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   3760642080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      7270128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       337608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   4820899032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control   1245462120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       808224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       125024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    788068800                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005316                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        24605                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10054                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7286                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27607                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9845                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1197                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       125064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1771560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       723888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        58288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       220856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78760                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003617                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        36402                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9839                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1197                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27607                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        59463                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       291216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       708408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       327312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       220856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       475704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013211                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73604                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6894                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2449                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83823                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15925                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       806904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5299488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       496368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        19592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       670584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       127400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013918                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        91708                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15922                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        60359                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83823                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       115172                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       733664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1146384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4345848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       670584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       921376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004087                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1686                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        18753                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7846                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1741                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20796                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3393                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1350216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       564912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       166368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27144                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002731                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        28288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6629                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3393                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20796                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        45256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       226304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       477288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27144                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       275616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       166368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       362048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     3.297386                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5867367                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17293418                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23143088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1274                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    422450424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1245126096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       638208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185144704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     3.547750                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23169655                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1268                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19578431                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23143088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26734312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    185357240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        91296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1409647032                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185144704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    213874496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     4.355117                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23326053                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19647164                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23275314                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2671813                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26954203                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186608424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423503784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1414595808                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    186202512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21374504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    215633624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.863320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17410380                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8771                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2671813                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23275314                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2671814                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33676                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5036                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47055976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423503784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1253547360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        70168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    192370536                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    186202512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21374512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       269408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47055976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.273779                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1335318                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1335318                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23529888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     96142896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10682544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23529888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.395766                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1335318                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    211768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10682544                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.273933                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1336495                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1336496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23526088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     96227640                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10691968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23526088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.395722                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1336495                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    211734792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10691960                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005316                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        24605                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10054                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7286                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27607                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9845                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1197                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       125064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1771560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       723888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        58288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       220856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013211                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11207                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73604                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6894                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2449                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83823                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15925                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          642                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       806904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5299488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       496368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        19592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       670584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       127400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004087                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1686                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        18753                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7846                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1741                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20796                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3393                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1350216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       564912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       166368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     3.297386                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5867367                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17293418                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2591                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23143088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1274                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    422450424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1245126096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       638208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185144704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     4.355117                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23326053                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5881997                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19647164                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23275314                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2671813                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26954203                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186608424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423503784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1414595808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    186202512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21374504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    215633624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.273779                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1335318                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1335318                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2941236                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23529888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     96142896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10682544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23529888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.273933                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1336495                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1336496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23526088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     96227640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10691968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23526088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88465662                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.414613                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.652143                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.972250                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88381217     99.90%     99.90% |       47606      0.05%     99.96% |       35138      0.04%    100.00% |        1037      0.00%    100.00% |         415      0.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88465662                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75004043                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75004043    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75004043                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13461619                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.154883                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.098346                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.221470                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    13377174     99.37%     99.37% |       47606      0.35%     99.73% |       35138      0.26%     99.99% |        1037      0.01%    100.00% |         415      0.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     13461619                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54771310                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      10.152084                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.823016                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     34.021155                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54712313     99.89%     99.89% |       26377      0.05%     99.94% |       31632      0.06%    100.00% |         721      0.00%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54771310                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45284000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45284000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45284000                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9487310                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.836014                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.031201                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.135780                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9428313     99.38%     99.38% |       26377      0.28%     99.66% |       31632      0.33%     99.99% |         721      0.01%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9487310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056420708                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000246                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.357855                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056418022    100.00%    100.00% |        2583      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056420708                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056333242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1056333242    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1056333242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        87466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.404100                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.497129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.607366                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       84780     96.93%     96.93% |        2583      2.95%     99.88% |          31      0.04%     99.92% |          20      0.02%     99.94% |          37      0.04%     99.98% |          15      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        87466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25594540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.181507                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029651                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.185985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25593344    100.00%    100.00% |        1146      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25594540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25337681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25337681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25337681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       256859                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.086121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.386627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.342163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      255663     99.53%     99.53% |        1146      0.45%     99.98% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       256859                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       240762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.240927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.707969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.278309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      238632     99.12%     99.12% |        1680      0.70%     99.81% |         237      0.10%     99.91% |          34      0.01%     99.93% |         116      0.05%     99.97% |          57      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       240762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       207963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      207963    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       207963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        32799                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.173816                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.877598                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.136371                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30669     93.51%     93.51% |        1680      5.12%     98.63% |         237      0.72%     99.35% |          34      0.10%     99.45% |         116      0.35%     99.81% |          57      0.17%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        32799                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       240762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      240762    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       240762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       240762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      240762    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       240762                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1344062     49.98%     49.98% |     1345270     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2689332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     1597174     50.03%     50.03% |     1595491     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3192665                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1335314     49.98%     49.98% |     1336487     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2671801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      801336     50.03%     50.03% |      800317     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1601653                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      795838     50.02%     50.02% |      795174     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      1591012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |     1344062     49.98%     49.98% |     1345270     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2689332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |     1335318     49.98%     49.98% |     1336495     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      2671813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2941236     50.00%     50.00% |     2940761     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5881997                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1335318     49.98%     49.98% |     1336495     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2671813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      806323     49.94%     49.94% |      808151     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1614474                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      801336     50.03%     50.03% |      800317     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1601653                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |     1335313     49.98%     49.98% |     1336487     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      2671800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      537739     50.03%     50.03% |      537119     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1074858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      795838     50.02%     50.02% |      795174     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      1591012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1335314     49.98%     49.98% |     1336487     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2671801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      801336     50.03%     50.03% |      800317     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1601653                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      801336     50.03%     50.03% |      800317     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1601653                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      795838     50.02%     50.02% |      795174     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      1591012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      795838     50.02%     50.02% |      795174     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      1591012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |     1344062     49.98%     49.98% |     1345270     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2689332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |     1344062     49.98%     49.98% |     1345270     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      2689332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |     1335314     49.98%     49.98% |     1336487     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      2671801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      406182      0.46%      0.46% |     1025442      1.16%      1.62% |      379850      0.43%      2.05% |    86654217     97.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     88465691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1851127      0.18%      0.18% |     5008648      0.47%      0.65% |     1706825      0.16%      0.81% |  1047854110     99.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056420710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      311093      0.38%      0.38% |      709338      0.88%      1.26% |      279492      0.35%      1.61% |    79548274     98.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     80848197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       30370      0.13%      0.13% |       86490      0.37%      0.50% |       23654      0.10%      0.60% |    23144899     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     23285413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           6     33.33%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           3     16.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1841     21.03%     21.03% |        4670     53.35%     74.39% |        2082     23.79%     98.17% |         160      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         8753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8004     32.12%     32.12% |       11252     45.16%     77.28% |        4554     18.28%     95.55% |        1108      4.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        24918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1197     22.60%     22.60% |         642     12.12%     34.72% |        3393     64.07%     98.79% |          64      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        7286     51.79%     51.79% |        2449     17.41%     69.20% |        1741     12.38%     81.58% |        2591     18.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        14067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       29130      0.43%      0.43% |       33450      0.49%      0.91% |       22074      0.32%      1.24% |     6756065     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      6840719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        7266      0.04%      0.04% |       58255      0.35%      0.40% |        6211      0.04%      0.44% |    16413584     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total     16485316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       23061      0.64%      0.64% |       23464      0.65%      1.28% |       16968      0.47%      1.75% |     3564657     98.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3628150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        4546      0.02%      0.02% |       60359      0.31%      0.33% |        3828      0.02%      0.35% |    19578431     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     19647164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        4857      0.05%      0.05% |       14270      0.15%      0.20% |        2763      0.03%      0.22% |     9755078     99.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      9776968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        7272      0.04%      0.04% |       58258      0.35%      0.40% |        6214      0.04%      0.44% |    16413590     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total     16485334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9657      0.07%      0.07% |       54177      0.40%      0.47% |       11318      0.08%      0.56% |    13386467     99.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13461619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       21888     25.02%     25.02% |       23261     26.59%     51.62% |       14207     16.24%     67.86% |       28110     32.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        87466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2520      0.03%      0.03% |       12621      0.13%      0.16% |        2071      0.02%      0.18% |     9729418     99.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9746630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2763     30.50%     30.50% |        2644     29.19%     59.69% |        2858     31.55%     91.24% |         794      8.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         9059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       99201      0.19%      0.19% |      145136      0.28%      0.47% |      103039      0.20%      0.67% |    51361123     99.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     51708499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1829239      0.17%      0.17% |     4985387      0.47%      0.65% |     1692618      0.16%      0.81% |  1047825998     99.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1056333242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2331      7.69%      7.69% |        1646      5.43%     13.12% |         689      2.27%     15.39% |       25654     84.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        30320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       25353      0.37%      0.37% |       31481      0.46%      0.84% |       17941      0.26%      1.10% |     6730039     98.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      6804814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        2563     49.96%     49.96% |        1226     23.90%     73.86% |         664     12.94%     86.80% |         677     13.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         5130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1197     22.60%     22.60% |         642     12.12%     34.72% |        3393     64.07%     98.79% |          64      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |           1      0.02%      0.02% |        4821     82.81%     82.82% |         900     15.46%     98.28% |         100      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         5822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           6     33.33%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           3     16.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          47     30.92%     30.92% |          27     17.76%     48.68% |          46     30.26%     78.95% |          32     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1660     21.03%     21.03% |        4376     55.44%     76.47% |        1837     23.27%     99.75% |          20      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         7893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         487      8.29%      8.29% |        4434     75.50%     83.79% |         915     15.58%     99.37% |          37      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         5873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        4917      0.05%      0.05% |      100394      1.08%      1.13% |       10791      0.12%      1.24% |     9210187     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      9326289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         127      0.00%      0.00% |       26374      0.88%      0.88% |         502      0.02%      0.90% |     2971631     99.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2998634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         477      0.02%      0.02% |        9861      0.37%      0.39% |         769      0.03%      0.42% |     2662749     99.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      2673856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         133     32.13%     32.13% |         141     34.06%     66.18% |         125     30.19%     96.38% |          15      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1690     20.74%     20.74% |        4438     54.46%     75.20% |        1986     24.37%     99.57% |          35      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         8149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1856      2.73%      2.73% |       43595     64.10%     66.83% |        2187      3.22%     70.05% |       20372     29.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total        68010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          26      0.00%      0.00% |        3247      0.32%      0.32% |          63      0.01%      0.32% |     1024026     99.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total      1027362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23      7.35%      7.35% |           0      0.00%      7.35% |         290     92.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        2389      0.04%      0.04% |       40741      0.72%      0.76% |        3388      0.06%      0.82% |     5634486     99.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      5681004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      289988      2.09%      2.09% |      672596      4.85%      6.94% |      251465      1.81%      8.76% |    12648104     91.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     13862153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      299321      0.51%      0.51% |      626469      1.07%      1.58% |      270060      0.46%      2.05% |    57257954     97.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     58453804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        1730      0.01%      0.01% |       42454      0.31%      0.32% |        2040      0.01%      0.34% |    13750268     99.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     13796492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          48     10.76%     10.76% |         153     34.30%     45.07% |         120     26.91%     71.97% |         125     28.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3258     56.63%     56.63% |        1154     20.06%     76.69% |         982     17.07%     93.76% |         359      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         5753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         562      1.69%      1.69% |        4720     14.19%     15.88% |         150      0.45%     16.33% |       27838     83.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        33270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        6762      0.08%      0.08% |       38978      0.45%      0.53% |        6104      0.07%      0.60% |     8538762     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      8590606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         727    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        4883      0.05%      0.05% |       17517      0.16%      0.21% |        2826      0.03%      0.23% |    10779104     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total     10804330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3188     47.51%     47.51% |        1386     20.66%     68.17% |        1025     15.28%     83.44% |        1111     16.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         6710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2520      0.03%      0.03% |       12621      0.13%      0.16% |        2071      0.02%      0.18% |     9729418     99.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      9746630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3617     57.22%     57.22% |         972     15.38%     72.60% |         484      7.66%     80.26% |        1248     19.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         6321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        2331      7.69%      7.69% |        1646      5.43%     13.12% |         689      2.27%     15.39% |       25654     84.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        30320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           6     33.33%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           3     16.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         481     46.43%     46.43% |          91      8.78%     55.21% |         232     22.39%     77.61% |         232     22.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        4857      0.05%      0.05% |       14270      0.15%      0.20% |        2763      0.03%      0.22% |     9755078     99.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      9776968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       29130      0.43%      0.43% |       33450      0.49%      0.91% |       22074      0.32%      1.24% |     6756065     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6840719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        2415      0.04%      0.04% |       43988      0.66%      0.69% |        3451      0.05%      0.74% |     6658512     99.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      6708366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |          20     95.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       23061      0.64%      0.64% |       23464      0.65%      1.28% |       16968      0.47%      1.75% |     3564657     98.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      3628150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2292      0.07%      0.07% |        8017      0.25%      0.32% |         973      0.03%      0.36% |     3165382     99.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3176664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          47     30.92%     30.92% |          27     17.76%     48.68% |          46     30.26%     78.95% |          32     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           6     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         823    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2207      0.01%      0.01% |       52315      0.32%      0.33% |        2809      0.02%      0.35% |    16413017     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     16470348                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13549089      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9776968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       16470348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      6686529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         118285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       2689332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           5881997      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3176664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16470500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      2671813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       10468869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     16485334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      5844136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3192665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2663150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         5130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        23591      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      3169762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6902      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        13902      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX          860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX     16470348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         7087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         3477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      3516687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      3164646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       110377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         2517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      3513218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       108272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      6702613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7078839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2671802      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         3477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       108272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6902      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3169762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      3513218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16470348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         5130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         8149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         7437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         7087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       3192665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      3192665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       2663224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        26108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      2689332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      2689332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      7078839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      3516687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      6702613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       110377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      2671801      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           12      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.787414                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1787413684000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54016004579501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 107891                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   161459                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              260157040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2775412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6870.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   741268022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1109308007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    190129920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         190129920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     86528896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       86528896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2970780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2970780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1352014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1352014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    106371525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            106371525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48410112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48410112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    154781637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           154781637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2970780                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1352014                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2970780                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1352014                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             190072832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  57088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               86522176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              190129920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            86528896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   892                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           186264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           186312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           186544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           185762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           185591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           184632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           183712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           184129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           185795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           184402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          184864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          185091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          185909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          184974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          186604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          189303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            85187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            85384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            85132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            84470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            84372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            83947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            83119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            83644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            84322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            83669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           83878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           84267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           84961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           84200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           85082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           86275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1787413885000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2970780                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1352014                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2968668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 56638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 59944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 73660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 77656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 77862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 77841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 77754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 77756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 77612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 77696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 77623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 77603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 77336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 77256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 77136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 76801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 76750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 76748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1951244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   141.753228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.234411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   210.620068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1536594     78.75%     78.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       166241      8.52%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        64130      3.29%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        39411      2.02%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35404      1.81%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16169      0.83%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        24467      1.25%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9260      0.47%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59568      3.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1951244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        76742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.806481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1150.619220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        76735     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::81920-90111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::172032-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        76742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        76742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.616286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.589534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.960606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           17241     22.47%     22.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2222      2.90%     25.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           51430     67.02%     92.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4733      6.17%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             899      1.17%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             174      0.23%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              27      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               8      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        76742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33696800249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            89382200249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14849440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11346.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30096.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      106.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       48.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   106.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    48.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1869007                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 501547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    413485.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7375626720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              4024399500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11591291400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4375652400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        116970834240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        557087642370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        585847972500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1287273419130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           718.798241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 969369409000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59685600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 758355055750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7395343200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              4035157500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11638200600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4384717920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        116970834240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        559913258340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        583369362000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1287706873800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           719.040277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 965819892750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59685600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 761906057250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    190097856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         190097856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86603840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       86603840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2970279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2970279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1353185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1353185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    106353587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            106353587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     48452040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            48452040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    154805627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           154805627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2970279                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1353185                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2970279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1353185                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             190042112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  55744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               86598016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              190097856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            86603840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   871                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   68                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           186261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           186284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           186275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           185738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           185351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           184798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           183663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           184166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           185902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           184345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          184789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          185246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          185969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          185094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          186588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          188939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            85281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            85311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            85116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            84644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            84257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            84110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            83204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            83729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            84429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            83764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           84032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           84444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           85078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           84376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           85152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           86167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1787411429000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2970279                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1353185                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2968369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 56816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 60104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 73590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 77754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 77941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 77932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 77872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 77776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 77755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 77735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 77650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 77652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 77378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 77274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 77197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 76876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 76795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 76789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1952425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   141.690626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.168453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   210.738904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1539079     78.83%     78.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       164847      8.44%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        63979      3.28%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        39853      2.04%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35216      1.80%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15725      0.81%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        24390      1.25%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9544      0.49%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59792      3.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1952425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        76787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.776902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1380.967930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        76781     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::245760-253951            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        76787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        76787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.621394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.594757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.958990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           17043     22.20%     22.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2271      2.96%     25.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           51641     67.25%     92.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4697      6.12%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             911      1.19%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             173      0.23%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              27      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              16      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        76787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 33597665250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            89274065250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14847040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11314.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30064.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      106.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       48.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   106.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    48.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1867911                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 502167                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                62.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               37.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    413421.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7376662440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              4024964625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11587656600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4378224960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        116970834240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        557109725310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        585828601500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1287276669675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           718.800056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 969280294999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59685600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 758444318751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7403235840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4039464000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11637943200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4389824160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        116970834240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        560102872545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        583203033750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1287747207735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           719.062799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 965563236249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59685600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 762162713751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3576354545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2725704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5551149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5447548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3476                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     150008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       390151                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5447548                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3476                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           11088084                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4447105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5575                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2717                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3023979                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1761004                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1328496                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     815314                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    513182                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3563173334.347760                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              13181210.652240                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003686                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996314                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           587368                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                67435      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  4125588     74.32%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7584      0.14%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    19706      0.35%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2558      0.05%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  815314     14.69%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 513182      9.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5551383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3568905182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14158307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25504137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25234765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  9971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     524437                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1831513                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25234765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         9971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           50415970                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          20843721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               16399                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               7926                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            14807664                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10279137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5430309                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3412134                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2018175                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3513544748.248627                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              55360433.751373                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.015512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.984488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2500388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                81546      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 19924741     78.12%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   41758      0.16%     78.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    18473      0.07%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   7524      0.03%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3412134     13.38%     92.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2018175      7.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  25504367                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3578077384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4047828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7937968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7822458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16122                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     167980                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       613341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7822458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16122                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15598799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6329042                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26170                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4328723                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2650317                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1787654                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1058488                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    729166                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3559516139.571077                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18561244.428923                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005187                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994813                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           872179                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                72029      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6035346     76.03%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8471      0.11%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    22702      0.29%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12050      0.15%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1058488     13.33%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 729166      9.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7938300                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3575387938                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  718994182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1067845746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            467303806                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708859008                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     970202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11091470                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   467303806                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708859008                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          978897664                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         346439603                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593870070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654328234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           113422748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          202611016                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130231725                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75938334                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54293391                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              63911525.426568                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3511476412.573432                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.982125                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.017875                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12390646                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               332470      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                433873228     40.63%     40.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   89524      0.01%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2904      0.00%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503332514     47.13%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75938334      7.11%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54293391      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1067862381                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3680                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3680                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               275                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              275                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    18077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2064981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4451500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1399497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1445494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1424990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1467258                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              361998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2615500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1628500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1621500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2479361146                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000683                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2479359990    100.00%    100.00% |        1156      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2479361146                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2479361146                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.874126                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.065708                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.485276                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2479071758     99.99%     99.99% |      149306      0.01%     99.99% |      134687      0.01%    100.00% |        3531      0.00%    100.00% |        1256      0.00%    100.00% |         494      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2479361146                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2432437643                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2432437643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2432437643                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46923503                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.187362                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.863964                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.960682                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    46634115     99.38%     99.38% |      149306      0.32%     99.70% |      134687      0.29%     99.99% |        3531      0.01%    100.00% |        1256      0.00%    100.00% |         494      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     46923503                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1290650                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42377                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1333027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      3575835                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        36825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3612660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5251668                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       181278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5432946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     18502493                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        31991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     18534484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1743464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        54179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1797643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5320066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        41372                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5361438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143951489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     23167476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167118965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1050394287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        41952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1050436239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           773                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17611409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5986041                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23597450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.009844                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        79202                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12820                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53321                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        25794                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10266                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        24699                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       133092                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12833                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       121049                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       633616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       923040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3839112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1857168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        82128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1778328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1064736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       102664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       968392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.031033                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       213269                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27474                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       176310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27726                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4220                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       163544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       397150                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18301                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       248300                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1706152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1978128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12694320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1996272                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        33760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     11775168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3177200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       146408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1986400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.011671                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        95551                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20233                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        64292                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19660                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7306                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        34253                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       164136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8708                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3860                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       143366                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       764408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1456776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4629024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1415520                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        58448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2466216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1313088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        69664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        30880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1146928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     3.368561                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23209428                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5880532                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17317486                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4013                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19598050                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     46358468                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5142                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26790612                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    185675424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423398304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1246858992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        32104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1411059600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    370867744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        41136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    214324896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     4.080492                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23597450                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5941059                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11882118                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17611409                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12769                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22525618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     47052846                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5410144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6199                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     33244388                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    188779600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47528472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    855512496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1268021448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       102152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1621844496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    376422768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     43281152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       359872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    265955104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.332535                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2970780                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2970780                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1351950                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2703968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2970782                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23766240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    213896160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     97340400                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21631744                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23766256                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.332587                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1353121                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2706306                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23762232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    213860088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     97424712                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21650448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23762232                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.907414                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23597450                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5941059                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11882118                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17611409                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        44827                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19287                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22525617                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     47052846                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5410274                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6518                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     33244388                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    188779600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47528472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    855512496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1268021448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3227544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       154296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1621844424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    376422768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     43282192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       359872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        52144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    265955104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     88615527                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     35646354                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     52834227                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       134481                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        57861                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     67576852                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control    157390128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       134958                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        19235                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     99733164                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    708924216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2566537488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   3804064344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      9682632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       462888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   4865533344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control   1259121024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1079664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       153880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    797865312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011218                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12820                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53321                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13011                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8826                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        66546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12833                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       923040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3839112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       936792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       532368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       102664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008470                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        79202                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12783                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        24699                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        66546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       121049                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       633616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       920376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1778328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       532368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       968392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029935                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27474                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       176310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9455                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3394                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198575                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18301                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1978128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12694320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       680760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1588600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       146408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032132                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       213269                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18271                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       163544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198575                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       248300                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1706152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1315512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         6608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     11775168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1588600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1986400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013395                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20233                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        64292                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10989                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3444                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82068                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8708                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3860                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1456776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4629024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       791208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656544                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        69664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        30880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009947                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        95551                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8671                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3862                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        34253                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82068                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       143366                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       764408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       624312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        30896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2466216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656544                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1146928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     3.245931                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5880532                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17317486                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11370                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3621                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23179234                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5142                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423398304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1246858992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       818640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185433872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        41136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     3.491190                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23209428                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5102                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19598050                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23179234                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26790612                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    185675424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       367344                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1411059600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185433872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    214324896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     4.321701                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23597450                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5941059                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19820546                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23526423                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2705072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     27303327                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    188779600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    427756248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1427079312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    188211384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21640576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    218426616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.839282                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5941059                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5941059                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17611409                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12767                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2705072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23526423                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2705072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6199                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5941061                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47528472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    427756248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1268021448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       102136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    194765184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    188211384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21640576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       359872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47528488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.272198                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2970780                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1351950                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1352017                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2970782                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23766240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     97340400                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10816136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23766256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.392873                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2970780                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1351951                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    213896160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10815608                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.272347                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1353121                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1353185                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23762232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     97424712                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10825480                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23762232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.392826                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1353121                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    213860088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10824968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000004                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011218                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12820                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53321                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13011                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8826                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        66546                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12833                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       923040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3839112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       936792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       532368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       102664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.029935                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27474                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       176310                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9455                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3394                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198575                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18301                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1978128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12694320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       680760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1588600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       146408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.013395                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20233                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        64292                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10989                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3444                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82068                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8708                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3860                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1456776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4629024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       791208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        69664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        30880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     3.245931                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5880532                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17317486                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11370                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3621                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23179234                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5142                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423398304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1246858992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       818640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185433872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        41136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     4.321701                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23597450                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5941059                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19820546                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23526423                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2705072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     27303327                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    188779600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    427756248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1427079312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    188211384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21640576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    218426616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.272198                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2970780                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1351950                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1352017                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2970782                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23766240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     97340400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10816136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23766256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.272347                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1353121                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1353185                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2970279                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     23762232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     97424712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10825480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23762232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180468321                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.314594                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.639577                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.767625                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180298909     99.91%     99.91% |       95496      0.05%     99.96% |       70514      0.04%    100.00% |        2074      0.00%    100.00% |         830      0.00%    100.00% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180468321                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    153421453                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   153421453    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    153421453                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27046868                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.133682                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.088410                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.198288                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26877456     99.37%     99.37% |       95496      0.35%     99.73% |       70514      0.26%     99.99% |        2074      0.01%    100.00% |         830      0.00%    100.00% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     27046868                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    111994374                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.988374                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.803305                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     33.733808                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111875854     99.89%     99.89% |       53007      0.05%     99.94% |       63534      0.06%    100.00% |        1445      0.00%    100.00% |         424      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     111994374                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     92949544                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    92949544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     92949544                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19044830                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.856723                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.050313                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.129940                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18926310     99.38%     99.38% |       53007      0.28%     99.66% |       63534      0.33%     99.99% |        1445      0.01%    100.00% |         424      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19044830                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134365529                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.454254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2134356755    100.00%    100.00% |        8428      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2134365529                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134125923                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2134125923    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2134125923                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       239606                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.994524                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.027484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.834516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      230832     96.34%     96.34% |        8428      3.52%     99.86% |         100      0.04%     99.90% |          63      0.03%     99.92% |         124      0.05%     99.98% |          59      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       239606                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51429658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.182097                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029630                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.214656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51427062     99.99%     99.99% |        2491      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51429658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50914188                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50914188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     50914188                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       515470                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.168212                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.416721                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.750628                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      512874     99.50%     99.50% |        2491      0.48%     99.98% |          37      0.01%     99.99% |          18      0.00%     99.99% |          34      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       515470                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       551632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.310080                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.722945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.327914                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      546181     99.01%     99.01% |        4446      0.81%     99.82% |         499      0.09%     99.91% |          86      0.02%     99.92% |         278      0.05%     99.97% |         130      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       551632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       474903                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      474903    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       474903                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        76729                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    75.122822                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.961956                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.978114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       71278     92.90%     92.90% |        4446      5.79%     98.69% |         499      0.65%     99.34% |          86      0.11%     99.45% |         278      0.36%     99.81% |         130      0.17%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          12      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        76729                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       551632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      551632    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       551632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       551632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      551632    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       551632                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1359380     49.98%     49.98% |     1360530     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2719910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     1611400     50.03%     50.03% |     1609749     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3221149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1351946     49.98%     49.98% |     1353106     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2705052                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           5     25.00%     25.00% |          15     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      811583     50.03%     50.03% |      810542     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1622125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      799817     50.02%     50.02% |      799207     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      1599024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |     1359444     49.98%     49.98% |     1360594     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2720038                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |     1351950     49.98%     49.98% |     1353121     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      2705071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2970780     50.00%     50.00% |     2970279     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5941059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1352014     49.98%     49.98% |     1353185     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2705199                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      814740     49.95%     49.95% |      816532     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1631272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      811583     50.03%     50.03% |      810542     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1622125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |     1351948     49.98%     49.98% |     1353106     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      2705054                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      544640     50.03%     50.03% |      543998     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1088638                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      799817     50.02%     50.02% |      799207     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      1599024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           5     25.00%     25.00% |          15     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1351946     49.98%     49.98% |     1353106     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2705052                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           5     25.00%     25.00% |          15     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      811583     50.03%     50.03% |      810542     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1622125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      811583     50.03%     50.03% |      810542     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1622125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      799817     50.02%     50.02% |      799207     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      1599024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      799817     50.02%     50.02% |      799207     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      1599024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |     1359380     49.98%     49.98% |     1360530     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2719910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |     1359380     49.98%     49.98% |     1360530     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      2719910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |     1351945     49.98%     49.98% |     1353106     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      2705051                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           5     25.00%     25.00% |          15     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |          60     48.39%     48.39% |          64     51.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      761731      0.83%      0.83% |     3076527      3.34%      4.17% |     1013047      1.10%      5.27% |    87151401     94.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     92002706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3612660      0.34%      0.34% |    18534484      1.72%      2.05% |     5361442      0.50%      2.55% |  1050436241     97.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1077944827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      571306      0.68%      0.68% |     2356425      2.82%      3.50% |      784600      0.94%      4.44% |    79968414     95.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     83680745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       70834      0.30%      0.30% |      202121      0.86%      1.16% |       86057      0.37%      1.52% |    23182815     98.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     23541827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          50     31.85%     31.85% |          30     19.11%     50.96% |          37     23.57%     74.52% |          40     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        2686     21.19%     21.19% |        5589     44.09%     65.29% |        2712     21.40%     86.68% |        1688     13.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        12675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       10594     31.63%     31.63% |       12827     38.29%     69.92% |        6332     18.90%     88.83% |        3743     11.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        33496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1440     22.09%     22.09% |         826     12.67%     34.77% |        3860     59.22%     93.99% |         392      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        8826     45.77%     45.77% |        3394     17.60%     63.37% |        3444     17.86%     81.22% |        3621     18.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        19285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       54408      0.78%      0.78% |       53317      0.77%      1.55% |       65717      0.95%      2.50% |     6777222     97.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      6950664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       24744      0.15%      0.15% |      159922      0.96%      1.11% |       29797      0.18%      1.29% |    16432166     98.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total     16646629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       41847      1.13%      1.13% |       35031      0.95%      2.07% |       47815      1.29%      3.36% |     3581184     96.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3705877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       24699      0.12%      0.12% |      163544      0.83%      0.95% |       34253      0.17%      1.12% |    19598050     98.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     19820546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15662      0.16%      0.16% |       59413      0.60%      0.76% |       17915      0.18%      0.94% |     9767071     99.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      9860061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       24794      0.15%      0.15% |      159952      0.96%      1.11% |       29834      0.18%      1.29% |    16432206     98.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total     16646786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       26715      0.20%      0.20% |      121865      0.90%      1.09% |       36264      0.27%      1.36% |    13400405     98.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13585249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       36825     24.20%     24.20% |       31991     21.03%     45.23% |       41372     27.19%     72.43% |       41952     27.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       152140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11994      0.12%      0.12% |       52823      0.54%      0.66% |       13079      0.13%      0.79% |     9740361     99.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9818257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4280     29.82%     29.82% |        3521     24.53%     54.35% |        3989     27.79%     82.15% |        2562     17.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        14352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      190972      0.36%      0.36% |      392889      0.75%      1.12% |      275059      0.53%      1.64% |    51470529     98.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     52329449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3575835      0.33%      0.33% |    18502493      1.72%      2.05% |     5320066      0.49%      2.54% |  1050394287     97.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1077792681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3618      8.69%      8.69% |        6560     15.75%     24.44% |        4799     11.52%     35.96% |       26670     64.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        41647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       49073      0.71%      0.71% |       46063      0.67%      1.38% |       57083      0.83%      2.21% |     6749958     97.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      6902177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        3107     46.62%     46.62% |        1471     22.07%     68.70% |        1061     15.92%     84.62% |        1025     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         6664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1440     22.09%     22.09% |         826     12.67%     34.77% |        3860     59.22%     93.99% |         392      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         6518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         620      6.66%      6.66% |        5049     54.20%     60.86% |        1032     11.08%     71.94% |        2614     28.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         9315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          50     31.85%     31.85% |          30     19.11%     50.96% |          37     23.57%     74.52% |          40     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         125     20.49%     20.49% |         136     22.30%     42.79% |         198     32.46%     75.25% |         151     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1819     20.76%     20.76% |        4517     51.55%     72.30% |        1967     22.45%     94.75% |         460      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         8763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         625      9.60%      9.60% |        4562     70.07%     79.67% |        1045     16.05%     95.71% |         279      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         6511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       40040      0.42%      0.42% |      205904      2.15%      2.57% |       72723      0.76%      3.33% |     9241740     96.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      9560407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        3031      0.10%      0.10% |       60626      1.99%      2.09% |        4460      0.15%      2.24% |     2973200     97.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      3041317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        2995      0.11%      0.11% |       26859      1.00%      1.11% |        3981      0.15%      1.25% |     2665323     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      2699158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         211     17.42%     17.42% |         203     16.76%     34.19% |         208     17.18%     51.36% |         589     48.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1967     20.65%     20.65% |        4704     49.39%     70.04% |        2197     23.07%     93.11% |         656      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        6698      4.77%      4.77% |      101371     72.14%     76.91% |        8373      5.96%     82.86% |       24079     17.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       140521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         878      0.08%      0.08% |        8136      0.79%      0.87% |        1052      0.10%      0.97% |     1025387     99.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total      1035453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           8      2.49%      2.49% |          23      7.17%      9.66% |           0      0.00%      9.66% |         290     90.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          39     75.00%     75.00% |           9     17.31%     92.31% |           4      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         125     40.19%     40.19% |          64     20.58%     60.77% |          71     22.83%     83.60% |          51     16.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        8254      0.14%      0.14% |       92403      1.61%      1.75% |       10867      0.19%      1.94% |     5639748     98.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      5751272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      494779      3.03%      3.03% |     2240539     13.71%     16.74% |      618176      3.78%     20.53% |    12983080     79.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     16336574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      493613      0.81%      0.81% |     2151535      3.53%      4.34% |      683105      1.12%      5.46% |    57595661     94.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     60923914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       14353      0.10%      0.10% |      125517      0.90%      1.00% |       20806      0.15%      1.15% |    13763802     98.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     13924478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         605     22.95%     22.95% |         860     32.63%     55.58% |         533     20.22%     75.80% |         638     24.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        4449     46.75%     46.75% |        1954     20.53%     67.29% |        1658     17.42%     84.71% |        1455     15.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         9516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1897      4.61%      4.61% |        8904     21.64%     26.25% |        1416      3.44%     29.69% |       28927     70.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        41144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       58122      0.66%      0.66% |       76715      0.87%      1.53% |       78068      0.89%      2.41% |     8606272     97.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      8819177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.27%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |         729     99.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          12     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         321     33.09%     33.09% |          72      7.42%     40.52% |         300     30.93%     71.44% |         277     28.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       16540      0.15%      0.15% |       67549      0.62%      0.77% |       18967      0.17%      0.95% |    10792458     99.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total     10895514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3913     39.85%     39.85% |        2018     20.55%     60.40% |        2216     22.57%     82.97% |        1672     17.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         9819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       11994      0.12%      0.12% |       52823      0.54%      0.66% |       13079      0.13%      0.79% |     9740361     99.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      9818257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3902     54.67%     54.67% |        1215     17.02%     71.69% |         664      9.30%     80.99% |        1357     19.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        3618      8.69%      8.69% |        6560     15.75%     24.44% |        4799     11.52%     35.96% |       26670     64.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        41647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          50     31.85%     31.85% |          30     19.11%     50.96% |          37     23.57%     74.52% |          40     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |        1011     43.43%     43.43% |         161      6.92%     50.34% |         564     24.23%     74.57% |         592     25.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       15662      0.16%      0.16% |       59413      0.60%      0.76% |       17915      0.18%      0.94% |     9767071     99.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      9860061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       54408      0.78%      0.78% |       53317      0.77%      1.55% |       65717      0.95%      2.50% |     6777222     97.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6950664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9132      0.13%      0.13% |      100539      1.48%      1.62% |       11919      0.18%      1.79% |     6665135     98.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      6786725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           5     14.71%     14.71% |           4     11.76%     26.47% |           4     11.76%     38.24% |          21     61.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       41847      1.13%      1.13% |       35031      0.95%      2.07% |       47815      1.29%      3.36% |     3581184     96.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      3705877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7226      0.23%      0.23% |       11032      0.35%      0.57% |        9268      0.29%      0.86% |     3168774     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3196300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         125     20.49%     20.49% |         136     22.30%     42.79% |         198     32.46%     75.25% |         151     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           5     38.46%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         823    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       17348      0.10%      0.10% |      152376      0.92%      1.02% |       24787      0.15%      1.17% |    16429125     98.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     16623636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13738245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9860065      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       16623636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      6756931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         145253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA              2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       2719910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           5941059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3196300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16624246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      2705072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       10656541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     16646786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck               2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      5891302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3221149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2680926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         6664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        33050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      3188233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         8067      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        19040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3847      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX     16623636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2961      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          901      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         8019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         4256      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1479      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      3568881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      3177900      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       135962      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         4000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      3564266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       133787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         8330      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      6777209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7127288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2705052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTO            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         4256      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1479      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       133787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         8067      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3188233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      3564266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16623636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         6664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2961      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         9524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        14264      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         8019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       3221149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      3221149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       2682860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        37050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      2719910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      2719910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      7127288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      3568881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      6777209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       135962      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      2705052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck            2      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
