
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.072234                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1072233894500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54587097884001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122755                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   203455                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              469119623                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2159080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2285.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   280573280                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     465023142                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    255277888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         255277888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    253525120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      253525120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3988717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3988717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3961330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3961330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    238080413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            238080413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    236445724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           236445724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    474526137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           474526137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3988717                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   3961330                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3988717                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 3961330                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             243045056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               12232832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              250337344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              255277888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           253525120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                191138                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                49815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           186828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           209038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           259653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           373338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           200734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           286143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           262935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           213468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           227489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           287868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          190321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          193036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          216330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          276483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          237174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          176741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           188803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           229023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           262432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           384216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           204010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           315237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           264866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           214569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           230526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           307917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          192903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          194526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          219086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          283108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          238858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          181441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1072233861500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3988717                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             3961330                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3775709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  21518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 11143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 11595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                239085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                243406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                243550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                243471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                243231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                243253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                243387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                243595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                243820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                243725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                243136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                243038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                243014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                242980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                242958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                242958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      6610976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.630902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.422268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.227158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5857442     88.60%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       687733     10.40%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51060      0.77%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7478      0.11%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2122      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1369      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          816      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          821      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2135      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      6610976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       242956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.630748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.756895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            180      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            915      0.38%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          2117      0.87%      1.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        90338     37.18%     38.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       146617     60.35%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          769      0.32%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          386      0.16%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          278      0.11%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          235      0.10%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          207      0.09%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          234      0.10%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          183      0.08%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          173      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55          120      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           85      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           48      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           35      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71           17      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       242956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       242956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.099709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.093809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.454338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          231316     95.21%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             313      0.13%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           10240      4.21%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             973      0.40%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              90      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       242956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                105501114303                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           176705720553                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               18987895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27781.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               46531.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      226.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      233.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   238.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   236.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  340978                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 757153                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 8.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               19.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    134871.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   14.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             25829042400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             14093227500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            15679661400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           13486480560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         70711708080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        692717696280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         41927189250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          874445005470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           807.709003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  64244826004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  35804340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 972187911496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             24349527720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             13285952625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            14241255600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           12109869360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         70711708080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        692854061085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         41807571000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          869359945470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           803.012025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  64469573752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  35804340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 971963666748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    265389184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         265389184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    263641984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      263641984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4146706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4146706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4119406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           4119406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    247510534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            247510534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    245881039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           245881039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    493391573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           493391573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    4146706                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   4119406                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  4146706                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 4119406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             247737664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               17651520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              258743104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              265389184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           263641984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                275805                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                76553                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           189993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           213114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           258722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           383051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           198533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           320197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           266878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           226977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           225451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           290105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          186463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          201539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          215019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          279724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          233391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          181744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           191522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           253660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           261686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           393917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           200506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           358948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           269024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           239551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           224816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           311284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          186243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          203512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          216841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          286486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          235987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          208878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1072234045000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              4146706                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             4119406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3849025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  21529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 14014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 14653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                246259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                251454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                251550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                251417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                251160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                251206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                251335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                251417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                251584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                251605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                250958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                250860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                250825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                250802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                250776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                250774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      6737939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.168538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.733858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.105113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5940959     88.17%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       722972     10.73%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58033      0.86%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8002      0.12%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3068      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1103      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          901      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          821      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2080      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      6737939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       250774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.435843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.731828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            353      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            954      0.38%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1939      0.77%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       114326     45.59%     46.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       130472     52.03%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          748      0.30%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          343      0.14%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          331      0.13%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          230      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          226      0.09%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          209      0.08%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          190      0.08%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          156      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55          113      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           70      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           67      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           23      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            9      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       250774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       250774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.121532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.114540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.493788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          235933     94.08%     94.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             517      0.21%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           13131      5.24%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1111      0.44%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              68      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       250774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                107170442032                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           179749835782                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               19354505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    27686.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46436.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      241.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   247.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   245.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  362462                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 813365                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 9.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               20.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    129714.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   14.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             26505050040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             14462080875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            16188697200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           14170029840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         70711708080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        694253938905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         40579608000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          876871112940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           809.949955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62057532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  35804340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 974374829250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             24627660120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             13437711375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            14301495000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           12274403040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         70711708080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        693826372215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         40954666500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          870134016330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           803.727021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  63058122753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  35804340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 973374318747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2142627342                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1669223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3510584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3444895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      93128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       284923                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3444895                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6747136                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2828369                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2158720                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1153380                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       725394                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     450538                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    274856                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2127498720.018841                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              15128621.981159                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.007061                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.992939                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           406911                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                45185      1.29%      1.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2723500     77.57%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4853      0.14%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12189      0.35%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  450538     12.83%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 274856      7.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3511145                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2141220200                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3927800                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7737894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7608545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     183203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       691318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7608545                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14930147                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6189826                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             5013860                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2716444                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1622631                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1061561                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    561070                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2115229985.390439                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              25990214.609561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012138                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987862                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           915741                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                43411      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6052261     78.21%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    9331      0.12%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     8908      0.12%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1061561     13.72%     92.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 561070      7.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7737988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2147074998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269378222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442778247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346749680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5381478                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16433281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346749680                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737526365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276232182                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177558470                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152840849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92938840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73893642                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19045198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              23164444.760037                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2123910553.239963                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.989211                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.010789                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26512073                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3914098      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254908215     57.57%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3510      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      553      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.56%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73893642     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19045198      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442780781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2147390035                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2355631                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4757120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4634482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     101108                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       405419                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4634482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8977128                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3797016                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2994277                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1784315                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       944076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     584354                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    359722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2129375195.781469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              18014839.218531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.008389                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.991611                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           541675                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                41738      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3753502     78.90%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4658      0.10%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    12989      0.27%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  584354     12.28%     92.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 359722      7.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4757207                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  556                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 556                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2088                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2088                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                76                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               76                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              730484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              758982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              844707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              770984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1054500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              982500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              888000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16583131                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.004003                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.183226                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16574583     99.95%     99.95% |        3403      0.02%     99.97% |        4613      0.03%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |         454      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16583131                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    487689320                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000690                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   487689088    100.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    487689320                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      487689320                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.470295                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.086604                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        21.342216                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   484102758     99.26%     99.26% |     3012865      0.62%     99.88% |      395645      0.08%     99.96% |       95882      0.02%     99.98% |       60379      0.01%    100.00% |       17233      0.00%    100.00% |         942      0.00%    100.00% |        3370      0.00%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        487689320                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    479397804                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   479397804    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    479397804                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8291516                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.297509                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.325803                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.707940                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4704954     56.74%     56.74% |     3012865     36.34%     93.08% |      395645      4.77%     97.85% |       95882      1.16%     99.01% |       60379      0.73%     99.74% |       17233      0.21%     99.95% |         942      0.01%     99.96% |        3370      0.04%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8291516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       213130                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      8078386                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      2800752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        92995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2893747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6514556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       140002                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6654558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits    466164630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7938862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    474103492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3917866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       119657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      4037523                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.021713                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2        92995                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        22914                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       163332                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        93268                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2       743960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      1649808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11759904                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       746144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.032701                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       140002                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2        74254                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       206246                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       140553                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1120016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5346288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14849712                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1124424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.850960                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2      7938862                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2      7931414                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7945883                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7938456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2     63510896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2    571061808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    572103576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     63507648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.027860                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       119657                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        49795                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       189185                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       119338                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2       957256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      3585240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13621320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       954704                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.929089                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      4062205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      3960151                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3960151                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4062292                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     32497640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    285130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2062656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    285130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     32498336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.966138                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      4229311                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      4118226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4118235                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4229323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     33834488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    296512272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    296512920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     33834584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.006716                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.479397                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      8291516                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      8078377                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8291516                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8291615                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     66332128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    581643144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    596989152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     66332920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        24874548                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           24235131                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     25045956                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     25060461                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        198996384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1744929432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1803308832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    200483688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021689                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        92995                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        93268                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6695640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       746144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        92995                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        22914                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        70337                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       743960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1649808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5064264                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       140002                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       140553                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10080144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1124424                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032747                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       140002                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        74254                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        66244                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1120016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5346288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4769568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.851000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7938862                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7938456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    571598064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     63507648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     1.850920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7938862                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7931414                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7021                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     63510896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    571061808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       505512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027892                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       119657                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       119338                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8615304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       954704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027829                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       119657                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        49795                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69528                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       957256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3585240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5006016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.926416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4062205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3960151                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     32497640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    285130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.931762                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3960151                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4062292                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2062656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    285130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     32498336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.963480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4229311                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4118226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     33834488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    296512272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.968795                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4118235                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4229323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    296512920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     33834584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012045                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001387                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021689                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        92995                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        93268                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6695640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       746144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032655                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       140002                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       140553                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10080144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1124424                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     1.851000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7938862                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7938456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    571598064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     63507648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.027892                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       119657                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       119338                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8615304                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       954704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.926416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      4062205                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      3960151                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     32497640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    285130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.963480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      4229311                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      4118226                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     33834488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    296512272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.012045                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8291516                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000412                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.054485                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8291005     99.99%     99.99% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |          29      0.00%     99.99% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |         276      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8291516                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       8291615                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.007593                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.253275                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     8283535     99.90%     99.90% |        3218      0.04%     99.94% |        4330      0.05%     99.99% |          77      0.00%     99.99% |         454      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         8291615                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89578078                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.833204                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.339129                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     39.845258                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    87248975     97.40%     97.40% |     1944805      2.17%     99.57% |      264889      0.30%     99.87% |       64020      0.07%     99.94% |       40860      0.05%     99.98% |       11476      0.01%    100.00% |         627      0.00%    100.00% |        2262      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89578078                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84266981                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84266981    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84266981                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5311097                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.982672                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   137.725471                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.796523                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2981994     56.15%     56.15% |     1944805     36.62%     92.76% |      264889      4.99%     97.75% |       64020      1.21%     98.96% |       40860      0.77%     99.73% |       11476      0.22%     99.94% |         627      0.01%     99.95% |        2262      0.04%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5311097                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     15130643                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.259215                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011329                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.447749                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    15123596     99.95%     99.95% |        5242      0.03%     99.99% |        1315      0.01%    100.00% |         238      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      15130643                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15092266                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15092266    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     15092266                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38377                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.198791                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    84.898674                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.284836                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       31330     81.64%     81.64% |        5242     13.66%     95.30% |        1315      3.43%     98.72% |         238      0.62%     99.34% |         171      0.45%     99.79% |          66      0.17%     99.96% |           3      0.01%     99.97% |          11      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        38377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    372574492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.128494                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006812                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.147013                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   372501689     99.98%     99.98% |       58323      0.02%    100.00% |        9740      0.00%    100.00% |        2264      0.00%    100.00% |        1802      0.00%    100.00% |         541      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    372574492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371971134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371971134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371971134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       603358                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    80.345435                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.164300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.834042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      530555     87.93%     87.93% |       58323      9.67%     97.60% |        9740      1.61%     99.21% |        2264      0.38%     99.59% |        1802      0.30%     99.89% |         541      0.09%     99.98% |          32      0.01%     99.98% |          91      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       603358                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       190095                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.066761                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.149873                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.225180                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      187780     98.78%     98.78% |        1931      1.02%     99.80% |         261      0.14%     99.94% |          72      0.04%     99.97% |          36      0.02%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       190095                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       184608                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      184608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       184608                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   141.891380                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.237993                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.016073                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3172     57.81%     57.81% |        1931     35.19%     93.00% |         261      4.76%     97.76% |          72      1.31%     99.07% |          36      0.66%     99.73% |          12      0.22%     99.95% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5487                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5108006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.655035                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.729160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.983548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3932712     76.99%     76.99% |     1002564     19.63%     96.62% |      119440      2.34%     98.96% |       29288      0.57%     99.53% |       17510      0.34%     99.87% |        5138      0.10%     99.97% |         278      0.01%     99.98% |        1005      0.02%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5108006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2774809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2774809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2774809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2333197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   155.683184                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.601899                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.334648                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1157903     49.63%     49.63% |     1002564     42.97%     92.60% |      119440      5.12%     97.72% |       29288      1.26%     98.97% |       17510      0.75%     99.72% |        5138      0.22%     99.94% |         278      0.01%     99.95% |        1005      0.04%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2333197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5108006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5108006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5108006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5108006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5108006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5108006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       213130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.260325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.222911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.898115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      213128    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       213130                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8078386                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   148.936765                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   136.049153                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.985403                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4491825     55.60%     55.60% |     3012864     37.30%     92.90% |      395645      4.90%     97.80% |       95882      1.19%     98.98% |       60379      0.75%     99.73% |       17233      0.21%     99.94% |         942      0.01%     99.96% |        3370      0.04%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      8078386                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38929                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.293278                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.253681                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.020539                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       38928    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        38929                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5272168                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   150.748301                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   138.839565                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.558800                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2943066     55.82%     55.82% |     1944804     36.89%     92.71% |      264889      5.02%     97.74% |       64020      1.21%     98.95% |       40860      0.78%     99.72% |       11476      0.22%     99.94% |         627      0.01%     99.95% |        2262      0.04%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5272168                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          870                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.280460                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.235984                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.049325                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         384     44.14%     44.14% |         486     55.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          870                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        37507                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.495854                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.061155                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.699323                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       30460     81.21%     81.21% |        5242     13.98%     95.19% |        1315      3.51%     98.69% |         238      0.63%     99.33% |         171      0.46%     99.78% |          66      0.18%     99.96% |           3      0.01%     99.97% |          11      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        37507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       172103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.245928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.209134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.866328                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      119237     69.28%     69.28% |       52864     30.72%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       172103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       431255                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    93.953689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    76.355064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.574130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      358452     83.12%     83.12% |       58323     13.52%     96.64% |        9740      2.26%     98.90% |        2264      0.52%     99.43% |        1802      0.42%     99.84% |         541      0.13%     99.97% |          32      0.01%     99.98% |          91      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       431255                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          222                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.918919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.875197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.036478                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         119     53.60%     53.60% |         103     46.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          222                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5265                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.895916                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.622929                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.221100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2950     56.03%     56.03% |        1931     36.68%     92.71% |         261      4.96%     97.66% |          72      1.37%     99.03% |          36      0.68%     99.72% |          12      0.23%     99.94% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5265                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.420477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.380485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.946840                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         658     65.41%     65.41% |         348     34.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2332191                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   155.730315                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.673767                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.316014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1156897     49.61%     49.61% |     1002564     42.99%     92.59% |      119440      5.12%     97.72% |       29288      1.26%     98.97% |       17510      0.75%     99.72% |        5138      0.22%     99.94% |         278      0.01%     99.95% |        1005      0.04%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2332191                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     4062221     48.99%     48.99% |     4229314     51.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      8291535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     3960151     49.02%     49.02% |     4118226     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      8078377                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28648     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3988717     49.03%     49.03% |     4146706     50.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      8135423                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     3961330     49.02%     49.02% |     4119406     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      8080736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     3960151     49.02%     49.02% |     4118235     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      8078386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28566     50.08%     50.08% |       28471     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        57037                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1179     49.98%     49.98% |        1180     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2359                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      102054     47.88%     47.88% |      111076     52.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       213130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     3960064     49.02%     49.02% |     4118205     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      8078269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          82     82.83%     82.83% |          17     17.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          82     82.83%     82.83% |          17     17.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          82     82.83%     82.83% |          17     17.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          14     82.35%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3960151     49.02%     49.02% |     4118235     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      8078386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     3960064     49.02%     49.02% |     4118205     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      8078269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       28566     50.08%     50.08% |       28471     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        57037                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1179     49.98%     49.98% |        1180     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2359                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      422755      0.47%      0.47% |      978377      1.09%      1.56% |    87660160     97.86%     99.42% |      516786      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89578078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2162343      0.58%      0.58% |     5029920      1.35%      1.93% |   362290933     97.24%     99.17% |     3091296      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    372574492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      308649      1.21%      1.21% |      646261      2.53%      3.74% |    24152399     94.58%     98.32% |      429441      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25536750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       92995      1.12%      1.12% |      140002      1.69%      2.81% |     7938862     95.75%     98.56% |      119657      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      8291516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       70337     33.00%     33.00% |       66244     31.08%     64.08% |        7021      3.29%     67.38% |       69528     32.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       213130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          34     15.74%     15.74% |         110     50.93%     66.67% |          42     19.44%     86.11% |          30     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       34944      0.43%      0.43% |       83234      1.03%      1.46% |     7935774     97.81%     99.26% |       59801      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      8113753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       22914      0.28%      0.28% |       74254      0.92%      1.20% |     7931414     98.18%     99.38% |       49795      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      8078377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       23052      0.43%      0.43% |       53353      1.00%      1.44% |     5196796     97.85%     99.29% |       37896      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5311097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       66173     10.97%     10.97% |       74412     12.33%     23.30% |      389851     64.61%     87.91% |       72922     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       603358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3770      0.16%      0.16% |       12237      0.51%      0.67% |     2352215     98.95%     99.63% |        8839      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2377061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       12047     33.95%     33.95% |        9035     25.46%     59.41% |        4381     12.35%     71.76% |       10021     28.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        35484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      399703      0.47%      0.47% |      925024      1.10%      1.57% |    82463364     97.86%     99.43% |      478890      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     84266981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2096170      0.56%      0.56% |     4955508      1.33%      1.90% |   361901082     97.29%     99.19% |     3018374      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    371971134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      304879      1.32%      1.32% |      634024      2.74%      4.05% |    21800184     94.13%     98.18% |      420602      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23159689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       70337     33.00%     33.00% |       66244     31.08%     64.08% |        7021      3.29%     67.38% |       69528     32.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       213130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          17     15.74%     15.74% |          55     50.93%     66.67% |          21     19.44%     86.11% |          15     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       22897      0.28%      0.28% |       74199      0.92%      1.20% |     7931393     98.18%     99.38% |       49780      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      8078269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          17     15.74%     15.74% |          55     50.93%     66.67% |          21     19.44%     86.11% |          15     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       22914      0.28%      0.28% |       74254      0.92%      1.20% |     7931414     98.18%     99.38% |       49795      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      8078377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       89225      1.51%      1.51% |      127765      2.16%      3.67% |     5586647     94.46%     98.13% |      110818      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      5914455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3770      0.16%      0.16% |       12237      0.51%      0.67% |     2352215     98.95%     99.63% |        8839      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      2377061                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.701793                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1701792981000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55216656970501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 113593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199858                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              497879061                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2586088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3418.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   388271603                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     683132598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    444896768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         444896768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    443150592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      443150592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6951512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            6951512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6924228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           6924228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    261428254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            261428254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    260402174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           260402174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    521830428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           521830428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    6951512                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   6924228                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  6951512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 6924228                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             427967744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               16929024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              438632448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              444896768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           443150592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                264516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                70606                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           363855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           404414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           486479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           582021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           378177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           463860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           446726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           360528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           431812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           444946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          347430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          352574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          373279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          493133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          428881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          328881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           370406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           427403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           493257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           602481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           383259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           500076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           451290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           362230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           438610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           466784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          352032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          358128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          376972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          503587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          432773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          334344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1701792951500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              6951512                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             6924228                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                6653378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  33088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 15888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 16555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                419854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                426874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                427109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                426989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                426665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                426692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                426949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                427276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                427527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                427314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                426481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                426328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                426278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                426226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                426193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                426192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     11316630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.577630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.593594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.586647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      9811199     86.70%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1367778     12.09%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       104326      0.92%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17437      0.15%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4787      0.04%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2448      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1720      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1352      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5583      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     11316630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       426189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.690234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.307148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            228      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           1348      0.32%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          3580      0.84%      1.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       126053     29.58%     30.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       291021     68.28%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1250      0.29%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          576      0.14%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          430      0.10%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          406      0.10%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          304      0.07%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          265      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          217      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          181      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55          124      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           86      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           48      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           36      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71           17      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       426189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       426189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.081203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.076389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.410210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          409455     96.07%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             571      0.13%     96.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           14662      3.44%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1355      0.32%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             115      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              16      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       426189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                182565797860                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           307946972860                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               33434980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27301.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               46051.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      251.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      257.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   261.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   260.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  802118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1421884                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                12.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               20.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    122645.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   16.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             43997378040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             24006505875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            27332221800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           23382956880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        111831326880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1099736234550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         62627730000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1392914354025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           813.532158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  96354703006                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  56826640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1548612441994                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             41755815360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             22783431000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            25126054200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           21278162160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        111831326880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1098610396200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         63615307500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1385000493300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           808.910064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  98430829754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  56826640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1546536521246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    452402752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         452402752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    450663296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      450663296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7068793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            7068793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7041614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           7041614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    265838887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            265838887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    264816756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           264816756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    530655643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           530655643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    7068793                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   7041614                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  7068793                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 7041614                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             431787264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               20615488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              445389696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              452402752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           450663296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                322117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                82403                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           368203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           408012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           483179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           589532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           372386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           497184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           450664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           373965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           429615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           447089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          342949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          360710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          372568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          494868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          423363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          332389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           371396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           451389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           488874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           608275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           375454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           544003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           455510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           387354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           430358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           470101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          344552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          364125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          375157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          505105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          427544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          360017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1701793110000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              7068793                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             7041614                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                6713918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  32268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                425772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                433324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                433576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                433454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                433021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                433102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                433328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                433466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                433652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                433634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                432771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                432627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                432560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                432522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                432481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                432479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples     11410207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.876550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.765328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    45.061165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      9866556     86.47%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1398005     12.25%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       111026      0.97%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17934      0.16%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5797      0.05%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2220      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1743      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1396      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5530      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total     11410207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       432477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.600097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.297525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            485      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           1488      0.34%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          2880      0.67%      1.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       144042     33.31%     34.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       279654     64.66%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1235      0.29%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          572      0.13%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          504      0.12%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          388      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          310      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          244      0.06%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          205      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          169      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55          114      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           71      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           67      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           25      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       432477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       432477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.091524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.086178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.431826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          413209     95.54%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             697      0.16%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16989      3.93%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1463      0.34%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             101      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       432477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                183879198100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           310379373100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               33733380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    27254.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46004.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      253.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      261.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   265.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   264.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   2.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  821378                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1474307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                12.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               21.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    120605.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   16.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             44550119880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             24308101125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            27776821800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           23977134000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        111831326880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1101071741985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         61456232250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1394971477920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           814.733622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  94460055999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  56826640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1550507785751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             41904913680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             22864784250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            25144384200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           21365266320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        111831326880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1099328512410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         62985381000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1385424568740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           809.157746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  97396849256                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  56826640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1547569811494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3403322578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4871923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9640214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              9501174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16303                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     214810                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       763835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     9501174                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        16303                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           18761468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7692088                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               26435                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              12905                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5448087                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3269030                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2084330                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1240948                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    843382                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3365635193.662282                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              37687384.337718                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.011074                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.988926                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1081611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                82063      0.85%      0.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  7429979     77.07%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   10113      0.10%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    22390      0.23%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12164      0.13%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1240948     12.87%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 843382      8.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9641087                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3401390898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  106121426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    215185198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            201257056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11022497                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3576485                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16863959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   201257056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11022497                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          396304900                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         161187590                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21537076                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10917411                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           118604977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           67039419                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42801466                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29601254                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13200212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2139829200.113388                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1261561697.886612                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.370896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.629104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24789987                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               535845      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                161395507     75.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   34682      0.02%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    10215      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10417144      4.84%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29601254     13.76%     93.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13200212      6.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 215194891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3408830818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  270796177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    445533614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            349456364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109597789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5449656                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16636641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   349456364                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109597789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          743067489                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         278416773                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204623371                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105644165                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           179033602                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153731248                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93615725                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74307138                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19308587                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1269599944.242385                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2139230873.757615                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.627556                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.372444                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26806236                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3939229      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                256950018     57.67%     58.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    6955      0.00%     58.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     6519      0.00%     58.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91017907     20.43%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74307138     16.68%     95.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19308587      4.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 445536353                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3399763086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3239673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6534275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6376346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     148195                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       532369                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6376346                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12536361                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5203111                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3931045                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2314409                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1386911                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     854967                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    531944                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3373369134.804688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              26393951.195312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007763                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992237                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           732931                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                62616      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5053783     77.34%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    7353      0.11%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    17865      0.27%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.09%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  854967     13.08%     91.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 531944      8.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6534484                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1724                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1724                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3331                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3331                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               147                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              147                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          267                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          715                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3153                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    12201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               287479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1916000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1155475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1345816                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1282703                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1252980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              172438                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1875500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2452000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1262000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          887                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3633152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          887                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               45252429                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.004662                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.195489                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    45224873     99.94%     99.94% |       11402      0.03%     99.96% |       14618      0.03%    100.00% |         344      0.00%    100.00% |        1188      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 45252429                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1171579651                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000992                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1171578498    100.00%    100.00% |        1153      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1171579651                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1171579651                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.815431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.099089                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        22.771836                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1161729799     99.16%     99.16% |     8272818      0.71%     99.87% |     1090775      0.09%     99.96% |      258334      0.02%     99.98% |      167526      0.01%     99.99% |       47675      0.00%    100.00% |        2620      0.00%    100.00% |        9397      0.00%    100.00% |         707      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1171579651                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148953618                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1148953618    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1148953618                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22626033                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.783494                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.258329                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.514874                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    12776181     56.47%     56.47% |     8272818     36.56%     93.03% |     1090775      4.82%     97.85% |      258334      1.14%     98.99% |      167526      0.74%     99.73% |       47675      0.21%     99.94% |        2620      0.01%     99.96% |        9397      0.04%    100.00% |         707      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     22626033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       584442                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     22041591                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8297703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       204316                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8502019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    187171597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      5912934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    193084531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits    468628427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses      8029675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    476658102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5458087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       187592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5645679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.030007                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       204316                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        97417                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       311108                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       204228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1634528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      7014024                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22399776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1633824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.868680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      5912934                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      5824394                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6002109                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5913624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     47303472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    419356368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    432151848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     47308992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.179529                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2      8029675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2      7969027                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8089482                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8028855                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2     64237400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2    573769944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    582442704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     64230840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.027592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       187592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        72519                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       303130                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       188074                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      1500736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      5221368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21825360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1504592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     1.021843                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      7107312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      6922986                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28683                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6922915                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29931                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7107474                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     56858496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    498454992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2065176                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    498449880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     56859792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     1.039111                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      7227205                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      7040371                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7040290                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7227307                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     57817640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    506906712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2053440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    506900880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     57818456                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.004238                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59699                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.521375                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     14334517                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     13963357                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14334517                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59699                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14334781                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2    114676136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2   1005361704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1032085224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    114678248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        43003551                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           41890071                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     43175160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     43190928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        344028408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          3016085112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3108611520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    345527424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030014                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       204316                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       204228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14710752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1633824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030001                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       204316                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        97417                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       106792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1634528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      7014024                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7689024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.868643                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5912934                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5913624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425731248                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     47308992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.868717                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      5912934                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      5824394                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        89175                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     47303472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    419356368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6420600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.179578                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8029675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8028855                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    578136600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     64230840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     1.179479                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      8029675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7969027                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        59807                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     64237400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    573769944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4306104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027565                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       187592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       188074                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13506624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1504592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       187592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        72519                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       115538                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1500736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5221368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8318736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     1.020161                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      7107312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6922986                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29931                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     56858496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    498454992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.023525                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28683                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6922915                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7107474                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2065176                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    498449880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     56859792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     1.037440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      7227205                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      7040371                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     57817640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    506906712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     1.040782                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7040290                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7227307                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2053440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    506900880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     57818456                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007600                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000877                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59699                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477592                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030014                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       204316                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       204228                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14710752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1633824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.868643                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5912934                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5913624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425731248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     47308992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     1.179578                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8029675                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8028855                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    578136600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     64230840                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.027565                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       187592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       188074                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13506624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1504592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     1.020161                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      7107312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      6922986                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29931                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     56858496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    498454992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239448                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     1.037440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      7227205                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      7040371                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     57817640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    506906712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22626033                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000421                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.054619                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22624572     99.99%     99.99% |         133      0.00%     99.99% |         135      0.00%     99.99% |         434      0.00%    100.00% |         742      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22626033                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      22626396                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.008902                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.270946                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    22600168     99.88%     99.88% |       10833      0.05%     99.93% |       13859      0.06%     99.99% |         344      0.00%     99.99% |        1188      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        22626396                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    217334999                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      11.310071                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.406365                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     42.856666                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   210721264     96.96%     96.96% |     5523552      2.54%     99.50% |      753831      0.35%     99.85% |      178077      0.08%     99.93% |      116662      0.05%     99.98% |       32811      0.02%    100.00% |        1780      0.00%    100.00% |        6538      0.00%    100.00% |         484      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     217334999                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202293530                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202293530    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    202293530                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15041469                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.970770                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   137.998987                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.694831                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8427734     56.03%     56.03% |     5523552     36.72%     92.75% |      753831      5.01%     97.76% |      178077      1.18%     98.95% |      116662      0.78%     99.72% |       32811      0.22%     99.94% |        1780      0.01%     99.95% |        6538      0.04%    100.00% |         484      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     15041469                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41532264                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.464541                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017914                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.974218                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41489882     99.90%     99.90% |       32903      0.08%     99.98% |        6926      0.02%     99.99% |        1212      0.00%    100.00% |         941      0.00%    100.00% |         326      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41532264                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41373918                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41373918    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41373918                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       158346                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.843564                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.310343                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.590026                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      115964     73.23%     73.23% |       32903     20.78%     94.01% |        6926      4.37%     98.39% |        1212      0.77%     99.15% |         941      0.59%     99.75% |         326      0.21%     99.95% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          49      0.03%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       158346                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    886312257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.131825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006975                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.200042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   886132049     99.98%     99.98% |      144870      0.02%    100.00% |       24007      0.00%    100.00% |        5298      0.00%    100.00% |        4355      0.00%    100.00% |        1336      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    886312257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    884844317                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   884844317    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    884844317                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1467940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    80.593182                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.468034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.774679                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1287732     87.72%     87.72% |      144870      9.87%     97.59% |       24007      1.64%     99.23% |        5298      0.36%     99.59% |        4355      0.30%     99.89% |        1336      0.09%     99.98% |          92      0.01%     99.98% |         222      0.02%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1467940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1229517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.734056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.062890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.754576                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1223334     99.50%     99.50% |        5160      0.42%     99.92% |         703      0.06%     99.97% |         178      0.01%     99.99% |         100      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1229517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1213861                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1213861    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1213861                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.181081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.289266                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.292602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9473     60.51%     60.51% |        5160     32.96%     93.47% |         703      4.49%     97.96% |         178      1.14%     99.09% |         100      0.64%     99.73% |          34      0.22%     99.95% |           5      0.03%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15656                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12585307                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    74.061343                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.511999                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    92.619610                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     9577963     76.10%     76.10% |     2566333     20.39%     96.50% |      305308      2.43%     98.92% |       73569      0.58%     99.51% |       45468      0.36%     99.87% |       13168      0.10%     99.97% |         724      0.01%     99.98% |        2585      0.02%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12585307                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6642685                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6642685    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6642685                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5942622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   155.729584                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.790409                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.369735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2935278     49.39%     49.39% |     2566333     43.19%     92.58% |      305308      5.14%     97.72% |       73569      1.24%     98.95% |       45468      0.77%     99.72% |       13168      0.22%     99.94% |         724      0.01%     99.95% |        2585      0.04%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5942622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12585307                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12585307    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12585307                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12585307                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12585307    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12585307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       584442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.261518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.221921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.017445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      584423    100.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       584442                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22041591                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.448876                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   137.052633                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.764141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    12191745     55.31%     55.31% |     8272813     37.53%     92.85% |     1090775      4.95%     97.79% |      258333      1.17%     98.97% |      167526      0.76%     99.73% |       47675      0.22%     99.94% |        2620      0.01%     99.95% |        9397      0.04%    100.00% |         707      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     22041591                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       104051                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.337681                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.293751                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.394695                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      104045     99.99%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       104051                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14937418                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   150.692657                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   139.052931                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.470244                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     8323687     55.72%     55.72% |     5523549     36.98%     92.70% |      753831      5.05%     97.75% |      178076      1.19%     98.94% |      116662      0.78%     99.72% |       32811      0.22%     99.94% |        1780      0.01%     99.95% |        6538      0.04%    100.00% |         484      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     14937418                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2864                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.692388                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.651971                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.949770                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         967     33.76%     33.76% |        1897     66.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2864                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       155482                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.227859                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.859895                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.657004                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      113100     72.74%     72.74% |       32903     21.16%     93.90% |        6926      4.45%     98.36% |        1212      0.78%     99.14% |         941      0.61%     99.74% |         326      0.21%     99.95% |          19      0.01%     99.96% |          49      0.03%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       155482                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       473917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.235227                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.196742                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.921910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      332403     70.14%     70.14% |      141501     29.86%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       473917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       994023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    96.973908                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.057425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.538927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      813817     81.87%     81.87% |      144868     14.57%     96.44% |       24007      2.42%     98.86% |        5298      0.53%     99.39% |        4355      0.44%     99.83% |        1336      0.13%     99.97% |          92      0.01%     99.97% |         222      0.02%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       994023                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          739                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.397835                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.357388                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.961360                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         490     66.31%     66.31% |         248     33.56%     99.86% |           1      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          739                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   141.678555                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.107847                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.608833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8734     58.55%     58.55% |        5160     34.59%     93.14% |         703      4.71%     97.85% |         178      1.19%     99.05% |         100      0.67%     99.72% |          34      0.23%     99.95% |           5      0.03%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14917                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.378614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.338423                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.953238                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1912     66.60%     66.60% |         959     33.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5939751                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   155.782439                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.871202                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.348816                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2932407     49.37%     49.37% |     2566333     43.21%     92.58% |      305308      5.14%     97.72% |       73569      1.24%     98.95% |       45468      0.77%     99.72% |       13168      0.22%     99.94% |         724      0.01%     99.95% |        2585      0.04%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5939751                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     7107395     49.58%     49.58% |     7227244     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     14334639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     6922985     49.58%     49.58% |     7040370     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     13963355                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28683     50.14%     50.14% |       28520     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     6951512     49.58%     49.58% |     7068793     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     14020305                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     6924228     49.58%     49.58% |     7041614     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     13965842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     6922915     49.58%     49.58% |     7040290     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     13963205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28597     50.08%     50.08% |       28503     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        57100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1243     49.98%     49.98% |        1244     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      184397     49.66%     49.66% |      186915     50.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       371312                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     6922894     49.58%     49.58% |     7040349     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     13963243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          86     83.50%     83.50% |          17     16.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          103                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          86     83.50%     83.50% |          17     16.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          103                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          86     83.50%     83.50% |          17     16.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          103                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          81     68.64%     68.64% |          37     31.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     6922915     49.58%     49.58% |     7040290     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     13963205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     6922894     49.58%     49.58% |     7040349     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     13963243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       28597     50.08%     50.08% |       28503     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        57100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1243     49.98%     49.98% |        1244     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2487                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1185292      0.93%      0.93% |    37744251     29.54%     30.47% |    88053082     68.92%     99.39% |      774296      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127756921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6401886      1.25%      1.25% |   138916667     27.04%     28.29% |   364165003     70.89%     99.17% |     4254209      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    513737765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      914841      2.16%      2.16% |    16423613     38.74%     40.90% |    24440017     57.65%     98.54% |      617174      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42395645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      204316      1.43%      1.43% |     5912934     41.25%     42.67% |     8029675     56.02%     98.69% |      187592      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     14334517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      106792     28.76%     28.76% |       89175     24.02%     52.78% |       59807     16.11%     68.88% |      115538     31.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       371312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          38     16.96%     16.96% |         110     49.11%     66.07% |          42     18.75%     84.82% |          34     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      115310      0.82%      0.82% |     5839128     41.64%     42.46% |     7980430     56.91%     99.37% |       88099      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     14022967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       97417      0.70%      0.70% |     5824393     41.71%     42.41% |     7969027     57.07%     99.48% |       72518      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     13963355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       60880      0.63%      0.63% |     4391551     45.13%     45.76% |     5222254     53.67%     99.43% |       55687      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9730372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      126524     14.63%     14.63% |      173795     20.10%     34.74% |      446187     51.61%     86.34% |      118076     13.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       864582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       16912      0.45%      0.45% |     1347588     36.04%     36.49% |     2361234     63.14%     99.63% |       13829      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3739563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       17912     29.99%     29.99% |       14789     24.76%     54.76% |       11424     19.13%     73.88% |       15597     26.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        59722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1124412      0.95%      0.95% |    33352700     28.26%     29.21% |    82830828     70.18%     99.39% |      718609      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    118026549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     6275362      1.22%      1.22% |   138742872     27.05%     28.28% |   363718816     70.92%     99.19% |     4136133      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    512873183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      897929      2.32%      2.32% |    15076025     39.00%     41.32% |    22078783     57.12%     98.44% |      603345      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     38656082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      106792     28.76%     28.76% |       89174     24.02%     52.78% |       59807     16.11%     68.88% |      115537     31.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       371310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          19     16.96%     16.96% |          55     49.11%     66.07% |          21     18.75%     84.82% |          17     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       97398      0.70%      0.70% |     5824339     41.71%     42.41% |     7969006     57.07%     99.48% |       72502      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     13963245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          19     16.96%     16.96% |          55     49.11%     66.07% |          21     18.75%     84.82% |          17     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       97417      0.70%      0.70% |     5824393     41.71%     42.41% |     7969027     57.07%     99.48% |       72518      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     13963355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      187404      1.77%      1.77% |     4565346     43.09%     44.86% |     5668441     53.50%     98.36% |      173763      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10594954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       16912      0.45%      0.45% |     1347588     36.04%     36.49% |     2361234     63.14%     99.63% |       13829      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      3739563                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
