
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.817152                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                817152305500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54329242636501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 106662                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176638                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              311492184                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1872444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2623.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   279811582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     463383692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    121820160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         121820160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     65181632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       65181632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1903440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1903440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1018463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1018463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    149078892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            149078892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     79766809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            79766809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    228845701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           228845701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1903440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1018463                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1903440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1018463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             121767488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  52672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               65181248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              121820160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            65181632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   823                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           118466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           116768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           122186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           121289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           122496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           112857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           115054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           117023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           125046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           127964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          121810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          118692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          116142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          118024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          117194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          111606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            65181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            62159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            64601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            65682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            63559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            61244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            61624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            61591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            66838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            65406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           64176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           63892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           64316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           63759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           62666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           61763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 817151962000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1903440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1018463                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1892769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 63180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 63477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 63472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 63441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 63452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 63450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 63442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 63441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 63430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 63431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 63427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 63433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 63436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 63424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 63415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 63416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2742252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.173434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.386056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.028089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2616262     95.41%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       119444      4.36%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3266      0.12%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          778      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          367      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          230      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          200      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          199      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1506      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2742252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.002807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.716817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            68      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        42729     67.38%     67.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        20185     31.83%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          154      0.24%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           22      0.03%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           19      0.03%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           39      0.06%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           64      0.10%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           52      0.08%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           35      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           27      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            8      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        63415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.060191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.056716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.347854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           61507     96.99%     96.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              90      0.14%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1757      2.77%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              40      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        63415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 48631283415                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            84305352165                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9513085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    25560.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44310.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      149.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       79.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   149.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    79.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  109107                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  69714                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 5.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                6.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    279664.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    6.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             10298247120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5619083250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7430514000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3277545120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         53869726560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        499959292050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         56299164000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          636753572100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           772.040950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  86588303250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  27286480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 703278610250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             10462389840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5708645250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7518381000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3325192560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         53869726560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        500181456105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         56104283250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          637170074565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           772.545944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  87219731500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  27286480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 702645351750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    121587008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         121587008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     65117376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       65117376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1899797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1899797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1017459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1017459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    148793569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            148793569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     79688175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            79688175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    228481744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           228481744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1899797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1017459                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1899797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1017459                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             121537280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  49728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               65118144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              121587008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            65117376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   777                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           119148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           117484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           119662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           118581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           122253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           114553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           114893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           116443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           124346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           127413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          122366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          118335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          116158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          118779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          116460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          112146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            64982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            62771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            63616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            65360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            63168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            62125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            61876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            61446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            65897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            65406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           64426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           63911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           64082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           62445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           62091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 817152271000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1899797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1017459                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1889915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   9080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 63196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 63413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 63425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 63415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 63407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 63396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 63391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 63401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 63390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 63400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 63392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 63392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 63397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 63397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 63381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 63379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2740355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.113499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.360046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.760305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2615216     95.43%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       119131      4.35%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2860      0.10%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          683      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          339      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          229      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1468      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2740355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.964862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.693673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            66      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        42868     67.64%     67.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        19981     31.53%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          177      0.28%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           27      0.04%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           25      0.04%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           44      0.07%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           53      0.08%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           56      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           36      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           23      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           13      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        63378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.054009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.050862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.331345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           61670     97.31%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              87      0.14%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1560      2.46%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              36      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              21      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        63378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 48580163910                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            84186788910                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9495100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25581.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44331.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      148.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       79.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   148.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    79.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  106317                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  69815                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 5.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                6.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    280109.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    6.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             10296531000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5618146875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7405983000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3275478000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         53869726560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        500093397090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         56181528000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          636740790525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           772.025453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  86352403751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  27286480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 703513081249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10449416880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5701566750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7514824200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3320669520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         53869726560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        500283293445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         56014952250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          637154449605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           772.527000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  87170497752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  27286480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 702694387248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1635071679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1368130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2861261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2813671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      76062                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       236437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2813671                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5460406                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2300898                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1766569                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             957223                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       578365                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     359299                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    219066                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1626555756.917947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8515922.082053                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005208                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994792                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           335743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                31029      1.08%      1.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2241742     78.33%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3905      0.14%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     6757      0.24%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  359299     12.55%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 219066      7.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2861822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1632275861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3711023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7279907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7165216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     172073                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       652652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7165216                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14044197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5822714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4731253                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2578171                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1522473                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     997020                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    525453                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1613542413.764545                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              18733447.235455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.011477                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.988523                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           862278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                35669      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5705983     78.38%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8290      0.11%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     6138      0.08%     79.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  997020     13.70%     92.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 525453      7.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7279999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1639005033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269312499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442634097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346607335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5376314                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16429157                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346607335                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737220622                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276113983                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177515218                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152805047                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92895706                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73865890                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19029816                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              17677366.053488                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1621327666.946512                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.989215                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.010785                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26501564                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3912955      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254809080     57.57%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2828      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      497      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.56%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73865890     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19029816      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442636631                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1636237193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2189216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4394048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4281439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      91312                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       379475                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4281439                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8259516                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3503022                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2787431                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1679057                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       858858                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     530758                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    328100                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1623447008.365008                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12790184.634992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007817                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992183                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           502769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                34559      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3485956     79.33%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4035      0.09%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    10484      0.24%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  530758     12.08%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 328100      7.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4394136                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1831                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1831                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1411                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              562983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              564981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              678769                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              575984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107441                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              865500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              784500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               44734698                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.453684                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.848988                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    42204946     94.34%     94.34% |        7510      0.02%     94.36% |     2520938      5.64%    100.00% |         327      0.00%    100.00% |         942      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 44734698                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    486315519                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000676                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   486315297    100.00%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    486315519                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      486315519                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.406020                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.063610                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        15.771234                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   486123227     99.96%     99.96% |      147681      0.03%     99.99% |       42942      0.01%    100.00% |        1327      0.00%    100.00% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        486315519                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    478777747                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   478777747    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    478777747                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7537772                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.712364                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    53.448771                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    89.141903                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7345480     97.45%     97.45% |      147681      1.96%     99.41% |       42942      0.57%     99.98% |        1327      0.02%    100.00% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7537772                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       561293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        23192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       584485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1728691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        32375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1761066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1466443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        58114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1524557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4706287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        39703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4745990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104500508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7264213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    111764721                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    362160457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        41761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    362202218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       818844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       861061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      2835224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        36197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2871421                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3779287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3758485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      7537772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            49                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.012222                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0        55567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37983                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61532                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3557                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6430                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1704                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       444536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4430304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       311936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       168464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       256104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       462960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.023511                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0        97817                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37357                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       103987                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70106                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        54647                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30558                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6341                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9065                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0       782536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7487064                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       560848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       437176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2200176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       456552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        72520                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.750001                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0      7305974                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30577                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7306830                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7242715                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7214751                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2454128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4756253                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0     58447792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    526091760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57941720                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57718008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    176697216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38050024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.018011                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        78414                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38119                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81887                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        55111                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39135                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18916                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6195                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3686                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       627312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       304952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5895864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       440888                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       313080                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1361952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       446040                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        29488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     2.735799                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     11284121                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        93354                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13310752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12832988                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329591                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2507159                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19241                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4770708                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     90272968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       746832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    958374144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102663904                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58636728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180515448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1385352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38165664                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.473048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0      1874940                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2921311                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2726431                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0     14999520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    210334392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21811448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.472251                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0      1871409                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2916612                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2720301                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0     14971272                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    209996064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21762408                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.008813                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.610492                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     11284121                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       144036                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13380024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12843322                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329591                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2507159                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19241                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4830212                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     90272968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1152288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    963361728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102746576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58636728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180515448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1385352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38641696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        33852363                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       381426                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40140071                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     60518739                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7579200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14497740                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        270818904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3051408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2890085112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    484149912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    545702400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    115981920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016254                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37983                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11633                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3853440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        93064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008189                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        55567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8012                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27359                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3557                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6430                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1704                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       444536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       576864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       218872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       168464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       256104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       462960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028980                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37357                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96297                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43220                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6933384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       345760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018042                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        97817                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7690                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26886                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        54647                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30558                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6341                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9065                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       782536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       553680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       215088                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       437176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2200176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       456552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        72520                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     2.232974                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30577                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7304784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7213551                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    525944448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57708408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     1.267028                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7305974                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2046                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29164                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7214751                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2454128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4756253                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     58447792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       147312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57718008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    176697216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38050024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023189                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38119                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77108                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25860                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       304952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5551776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       206880                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012834                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78414                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4779                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29251                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39135                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18916                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6195                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3686                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       627312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       344088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       313080                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1361952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       446040                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        29488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     2.448436                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      7537772                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3756741                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3843477                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329591                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2507159                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19241                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4770708                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     60302176                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270485352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30747816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58636728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180515448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1385352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38165664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.023161                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3746349                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        93354                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9554011                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8989511                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     29970792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       746832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    687888792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71916088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.364630                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1874940                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1017723                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       854058                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14999520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73276056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6832464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.581466                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1903588                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1872373                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    137058336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14978984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.364162                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1871409                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1016715                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       851523                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14971272                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73203480                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6812184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.580340                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1899897                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1868778                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    136792584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14950224                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015805                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001820                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016254                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37983                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11633                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3853440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        93064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028980                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37357                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96297                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43220                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6933384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       345760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     2.232974                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30577                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7304784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7213551                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    525944448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57708408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.023189                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38119                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77108                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25860                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       304952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5551776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       206880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     2.448436                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      7537772                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3756741                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3843477                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329591                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2507159                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19241                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4770708                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     60302176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270485352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30747816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58636728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180515448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1385352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38165664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.364630                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      1874940                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1017723                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       854058                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     14999520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73276056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6832464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.364162                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      1871409                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1016715                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       851523                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     14971272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73203480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6812184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.015805                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      22145230                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.907655                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.538875                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    19634362     88.66%     88.66% |        2410      0.01%     88.67% |     2507206     11.32%     99.99% |         307      0.00%    100.00% |         910      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        22145230                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22445432                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.008696                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.226676                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22397753     99.79%     99.79% |       28795      0.13%     99.92% |        1929      0.01%     99.92% |        3171      0.01%     99.94% |       13621      0.06%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22445432                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        144036                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000056                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.010539                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      144032    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          144036                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89353509                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.863239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.228673                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.031604                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    89265227     99.90%     99.90% |       67401      0.08%     99.98% |       19997      0.02%    100.00% |         687      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89353509                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84316913                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84316913    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84316913                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5036596                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    69.537150                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.607658                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.752801                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4948314     98.25%     98.25% |       67401      1.34%     99.59% |       19997      0.40%     99.98% |         687      0.01%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5036596                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     14994592                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.203588                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009153                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.244538                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    14993712     99.99%     99.99% |         486      0.00%    100.00% |         324      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      14994592                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14961040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14961040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14961040                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33552                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.984770                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    58.665462                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    95.746203                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       32672     97.38%     97.38% |         486      1.45%     98.83% |         324      0.97%     99.79% |          47      0.14%     99.93% |          16      0.05%     99.98% |           5      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33552                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371580695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001388                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.839343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371552539     99.99%     99.99% |       26024      0.01%    100.00% |         775      0.00%    100.00% |         871      0.00%    100.00% |         335      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371580695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371430659                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371430659    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371430659                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       150036                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.593384                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.005226                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.482141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      121880     81.23%     81.23% |       26024     17.35%     98.58% |         775      0.52%     99.10% |         871      0.58%     99.68% |         335      0.22%     99.90% |         138      0.09%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       150036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       174935                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.971635                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.284920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.994217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      171337     97.94%     97.94% |        3279      1.87%     99.82% |         113      0.06%     99.88% |         114      0.07%     99.95% |          62      0.04%     99.98% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       174935                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       164568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      164568    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       164568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10367                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   101.766663                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    68.738527                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    87.871610                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6769     65.29%     65.29% |        3279     31.63%     96.92% |         113      1.09%     98.01% |         114      1.10%     99.11% |          62      0.60%     99.71% |          25      0.24%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           4      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10367                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.903959                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.445380                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.397419                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3266856     63.98%     63.98% |     1738359     34.05%     98.03% |       38289      0.75%     98.78% |       39632      0.78%     99.55% |       16002      0.31%     99.87% |        6059      0.12%     99.99% |          20      0.00%     99.99% |         560      0.01%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2798673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2798673    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2798673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2307221                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   142.419847                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.360566                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.390292                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      468183     20.29%     20.29% |     1738359     75.34%     95.64% |       38289      1.66%     97.30% |       39632      1.72%     99.01% |       16002      0.69%     99.71% |        6059      0.26%     99.97% |          20      0.00%     99.97% |         560      0.02%     99.99% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2307221                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1874940     50.05%     50.05% |     1871409     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      3746349                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1017723     50.02%     50.02% |     1016715     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2034438                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1903440     50.05%     50.05% |     1899797     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3803237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1018463     50.02%     50.02% |     1017459     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2035922                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28648     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      854058     50.07%     50.07% |      851523     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1705581                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1874940     50.05%     50.05% |     1871409     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      3746349                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28500     50.10%     50.10% |       28388     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         740     49.87%     49.87% |         744     50.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1484                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       28500     50.10%     50.10% |       28388     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        56888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         740     49.87%     49.87% |         744     50.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1484                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1017131     50.02%     50.02% |     1016175     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2033306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         148     59.68%     59.68% |         100     40.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         444     50.23%     50.23% |         440     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      854058     50.07%     50.07% |      851523     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1705581                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1874940     50.05%     50.05% |     1871409     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3746349                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1017131     50.02%     50.02% |     1016175     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2033306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         148     59.68%     59.68% |         100     40.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         148     59.68%     59.68% |         100     40.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         444     50.23%     50.23% |         440     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         444     50.23%     50.23% |         440     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          884                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      338574      0.38%      0.38% |      918110      1.03%      1.41% |    87629738     98.07%     99.48% |      467087      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89353509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1761066      0.47%      0.47% |     4745990      1.28%      1.75% |   362202218     97.48%     99.23% |     2871421      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371580695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      245911      0.97%      0.97% |      606447      2.39%      3.36% |    24134983     95.09%     98.45% |      393974      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25381315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       33789     25.62%     25.62% |       33227     25.19%     50.81% |       29439     22.32%     73.13% |       35446     26.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       131901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       26256      0.35%      0.35% |       73154      0.98%      1.34% |     7283248     97.98%     99.31% |       50974      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      7433632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         376     21.57%     21.57% |         570     32.70%     54.27% |         230     13.20%     67.47% |         567     32.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3818     36.74%     36.74% |        3560     34.26%     71.00% |         908      8.74%     79.73% |        2106     20.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        10392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          82     17.41%     17.41% |          67     14.23%     31.63% |         161     34.18%     65.82% |         161     34.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       10594      0.21%      0.21% |       36299      0.73%      0.94% |     4899087     98.61%     99.56% |       22079      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4968059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2285     21.99%     21.99% |        1922     18.49%     40.48% |        2248     21.63%     62.12% |        3937     37.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        10392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       40559      1.59%      1.59% |       58009      2.27%      3.86% |     2403288     94.14%     98.00% |       50931      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2552787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4243     43.02%     43.02% |        2010     20.38%     63.40% |        1819     18.44%     81.84% |        1791     18.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         9863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2129     32.58%     32.58% |        1587     24.29%     56.87% |        1351     20.68%     77.55% |        1467     22.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        5261      0.07%      0.07% |       39623      0.54%      0.62% |     7210381     99.07%     99.69% |       22602      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      7277867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        8132      0.16%      0.16% |       34609      0.69%      0.85% |     4950176     98.72%     99.57% |       21606      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5014523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       16868     19.10%     19.10% |       27910     31.61%     50.71% |       21503     24.35%     75.06% |       22021     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        88302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        1446      0.06%      0.06% |       10635      0.46%      0.52% |     2312138     99.17%     99.68% |        7347      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2331566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3019     14.75%     14.75% |        5897     28.80%     43.55% |        6104     29.81%     73.36% |        5453     26.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        20473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        6881     31.17%     31.17% |        7079     32.07%     63.24% |         621      2.81%     66.06% |        7492     33.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        22073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       15507     25.12%     25.12% |       11793     19.10%     44.22% |       20258     32.81%     77.04% |       14176     22.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        61734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4686     34.69%     34.69% |        4270     31.61%     66.29% |          88      0.65%     66.94% |        4466     33.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        13510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3472     22.95%     22.95% |        4533     29.96%     52.90% |        2419     15.99%     68.89% |        4707     31.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        15131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       59069      3.36%      3.36% |       76641      4.37%      7.73% |     1548709     88.23%     95.96% |       70986      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1755405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1728691      0.47%      0.47% |     4706287      1.27%      1.73% |   362160457     97.50%     99.24% |     2835224      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    371430659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2047     33.76%     33.76% |        1521     25.08%     58.84% |        1190     19.62%     78.46% |        1306     21.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       21238     25.82%     25.82% |       17991     21.87%     47.69% |       22550     27.41%     75.10% |       20484     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        82263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       17523     12.46%     12.46% |       28998     20.62%     33.08% |       70448     50.09%     83.17% |       23665     16.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       140634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       33155      0.05%      0.05% |      172201      0.26%      0.31% |    65540095     99.57%     99.88% |       78771      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     65824222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        4184      2.30%      2.30% |       22447     12.33%     14.63% |      141851     77.93%     92.56% |       13547      7.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       182029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3102     31.26%     31.26% |        2997     30.20%     61.46% |         510      5.14%     66.60% |        3314     33.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         9923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        1704      0.04%      0.04% |        9065      0.19%      0.23% |     4756253     99.70%     99.92% |        3686      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      4770708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          76     14.70%     14.70% |         201     38.88%     53.58% |          16      3.09%     56.67% |         224     43.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1500     30.64%     30.64% |        2027     41.41%     72.05% |         471      9.62%     81.68% |         897     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         4895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      231337      1.38%      1.38% |      627580      3.75%      5.13% |    15590137     93.15%     98.28% |      288232      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16737286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      233548      1.02%      1.02% |      567574      2.48%      3.51% |    21679716     94.89%     98.39% |      367308      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     22848146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6430     33.42%     33.42% |        6341     32.96%     66.37% |         275      1.43%     67.80% |        6195     32.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        19241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3557      0.14%      0.14% |       30558      1.22%      1.36% |     2454128     97.88%     99.25% |       18916      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      2507159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         300     24.47%     24.47% |         369     30.10%     54.57% |         214     17.46%     72.02% |         343     27.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2318     42.17%     42.17% |        1533     27.89%     70.06% |         437      7.95%     78.01% |        1209     21.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         5497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10594      0.21%      0.21% |       36299      0.73%      0.94% |     4899087     98.61%     99.56% |       22079      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4968059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2285     21.99%     21.99% |        1922     18.49%     40.48% |        2248     21.63%     62.12% |        3937     37.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        10392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       34509     16.58%     16.58% |       43170     20.74%     37.31% |       91223     43.82%     81.13% |       39279     18.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       208181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          82     17.41%     17.41% |          67     14.23%     31.63% |         161     34.18%     65.82% |         161     34.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        6050      0.26%      0.26% |       14839      0.63%      0.89% |     2312065     98.61%     99.50% |       11652      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2344606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        4243     43.02%     43.02% |        2010     20.38%     63.40% |        1819     18.44%     81.84% |        1791     18.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         9863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2129     32.58%     32.58% |        1587     24.29%     56.87% |        1351     20.68%     77.55% |        1467     22.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         6534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        5261      0.07%      0.07% |       39623      0.54%      0.62% |     7210381     99.07%     99.69% |       22602      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      7277867                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       150037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5036611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2345078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         6064      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        7277867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2015871      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1723016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       3746349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        3740019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          24738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         4895      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              46882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          55444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          10392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7319199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           2264      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        41724      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1738162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1966463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       108304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        58143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         6063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        44452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      3229898      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       376400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2012868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1651540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        10392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      7277867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        27024      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      3740019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        17435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         9589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          45678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        44452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1738161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        41725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1966463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         6534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      7312665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         5482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         4880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        10362      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.323017                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1323017190500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54835107521501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95979                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   168758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              328080338                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2126396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4032.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   387043463                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680534401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    239226944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         239226944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130996416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      130996416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3737921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3737921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2046819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2046819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    180819226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            180819226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     99013389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            99013389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    279832615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           279832615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3737921                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2046819                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3737921                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2046819                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             239140160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  86784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              130995200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              239226944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           130996416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           234907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           231049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           240784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           237106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           237068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           222852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           225919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           228836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           242478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           244998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          238256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          232664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          229661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          233928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          232197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          223862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           131105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           125862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           129655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           131432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           128034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           124135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           124361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           124184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           132512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           130359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          128741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          128029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          128653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          128072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          126400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          125266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1323012838000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3737921                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2046819                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3720624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  15899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  3018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  3274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                126952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                127649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                127620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                127589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                127584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                127594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                127565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                127558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                127566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                127558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                127560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                127560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                127556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                127543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                127522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                127522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      5184288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.395601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.398307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.401080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4753831     91.70%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       405794      7.83%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14458      0.28%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3537      0.07%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1467      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          880      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          824      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          448      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3049      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      5184288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       127519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.301994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.296418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255       127505     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       127519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       127519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.050941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.318492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          124247     97.43%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             162      0.13%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            3029      2.38%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              58      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              16      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       127519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 93751654076                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           163812247826                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               18682825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    25090.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43840.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      180.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       99.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   180.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    99.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  451769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 147307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                12.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                7.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    228707.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   10.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             19468988280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             10622959875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            14547101400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6602608080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         86910361200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        815853510360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         82717898250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1036723427445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           779.121390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 128702108751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44178420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1150132196249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             19753433280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             10778163000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            14706580200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6663792240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         86910361200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        816273409410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         82349565750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1037435305080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           779.656382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 129047364501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44178420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1149790456749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    238788800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         238788800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130799616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      130799616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3731075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3731075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2043744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2043744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    180488055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            180488055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98864638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98864638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    279352694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           279352694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3731075                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2043744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3731075                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2043744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             238706752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  82048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              130800064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              238788800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           130799616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           236095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           231775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           236293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           232519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           235768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           224994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           225742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           227993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           242360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           244083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          238762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          232922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          229398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          234929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          231445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          224715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           130516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           126460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           127567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           130963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           127387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           125230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           124593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           124024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           131723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           130208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          128863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          128134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          127584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          128720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          126138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          125641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1323016208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3731075                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2043744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3715541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  2716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  2979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                126889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                127455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                127452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                127445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                127428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                127410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                127401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                127413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                127406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                127407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                127394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                127394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                127403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                127396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                127374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                127368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      5178989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.347263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.376977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.278332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4749911     91.72%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       405248      7.82%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13945      0.27%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3323      0.06%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1368      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          819      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          832      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          485      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3058      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      5178989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       127366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.284754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.777359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255       127354     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       127366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       127366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.046284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.043605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.305592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          124404     97.67%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             145      0.11%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2742      2.15%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              49      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              21      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       127366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 93555825303                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           163489444053                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               18648965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25083.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43833.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      180.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   180.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  446716                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 147837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                11.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                7.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    229100.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   10.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             19441235520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             10607817000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            14489654400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6589362960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         86910361200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        815929769520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         82651004250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1036619204850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           779.043064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 128557578001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44178420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1150280202499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             19740876120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             10771311375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            14711190000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            6657182640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         86910361200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        816397145010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         82241025750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1037429092095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           779.651713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 128970502004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44178420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1149867759746                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2646032332                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4435820                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8711445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8596713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16303                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     189808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       696048                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8596713                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        16303                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           16915714                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           6940814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               26435                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              12905                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4905943                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2988020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1869001                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1107701                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    761300                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2621097051.337076                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              24935280.662924                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.009424                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.990576                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           980978                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                64059      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6742931     77.40%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    8448      0.10%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    15666      0.18%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12164      0.14%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1107701     12.71%     91.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 761300      8.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8712317                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2644759331                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  105823002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    214563430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            200653087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11022497                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3560423                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16815671                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   200653087                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11022497                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          395085454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         160689770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21537076                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10917411                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           118250152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           66854634                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42657935                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29508734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13149201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1629694189.359461                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1015065141.640539                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.383802                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.616198                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24720796                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               527354      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                160930149     75.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   33084      0.02%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     7422      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10417144      4.85%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29508734     13.75%     93.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13149201      6.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 214573120                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2652312840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  270586326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    445091409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            349022145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109597789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5435440                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16612872                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   349022145                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109597789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          742165336                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         278058989                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204623371                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105644165                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           178841947                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153607222                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93499861                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74234044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19265817                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1023867628.411925                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1628445211.588075                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.613972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.386028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26764440                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3934368      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                256631332     57.66%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5525      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     5154      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91017907     20.45%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74234044     16.68%     95.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19265817      4.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 445094147                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2644352036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2967601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5953738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5809739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     133743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       485425                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5809739                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11402409                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4732728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3570963                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2136373                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1253951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     771253                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    482698                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2626412308.340616                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              17939727.659384                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006784                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993216                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           666895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                51378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4622979     77.65%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    6186      0.10%     78.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13498      0.23%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.10%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  771253     12.95%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 482698      8.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5953948                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2435                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               222982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1942500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              932473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1039349                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1040765                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              946481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              156439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1699500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1721500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              125746051                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.472667                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.885152                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   118337724     94.11%     94.11% |       22683      0.02%     94.13% |     7381230      5.87%    100.00% |        1112      0.00%    100.00% |        3179      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                125746051                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1167985105                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000988                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1167983965    100.00%    100.00% |        1140      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1167985105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1167985105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.714641                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.075327                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        17.569513                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1167845549     99.99%     99.99% |      137516      0.01%    100.00% |        1789      0.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1167985105                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1147063671                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1147063671    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1147063671                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20921434                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    96.723582                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    57.652803                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.743057                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    20781878     99.33%     99.33% |      137516      0.66%     99.99% |        1789      0.01%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     20921434                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1814960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        70088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1885048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5742253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        79497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5821750                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     48341173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5681229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     54022402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    138455600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        71963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    138527563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    105077494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7295409                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    112372903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    363820483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        66797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    363887280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1195634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1258186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3838327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        56127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3894454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5949095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      7434567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     13383662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           116                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.020049                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       149585                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69947                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       158321                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        99601                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        65266                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22116                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11079                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13998                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1196680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       559576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11399112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       796808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       522128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1592352                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       797688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       111984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.882152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      5753192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5762493                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5702794                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      5669221                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2326346                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6625                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3323315                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     46025536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       483584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    414899496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     45622352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     45353768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    167496912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     26586520                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.088823                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0      7362206                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56869                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7369034                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7281224                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7243756                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2463951                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4187                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4763885                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0     58897648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       454952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    530570448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     58249792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57950048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    177404472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       301464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38111080                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.016591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       118679                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65578                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       124334                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86378                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        56821                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23175                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10410                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       949432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       524624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8952048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       691024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       454568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1668600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       749520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     3.151913                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     20795770                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       160530                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24870324                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23858978                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13035064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835588                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32301                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8108534                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0    166366160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1284240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1790663328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    190871824                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104280512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348162336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2325672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64868272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.577888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0      3709421                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5784086                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5367103                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29898                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0     29675368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    416454192                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42936824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.576876                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0      3702687                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5774111                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5356636                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0     29621496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    415735992                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42853088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.005446                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.702290                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     20795770                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       252842                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24949921                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23876357                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13035064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835588                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32301                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8168168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0    166366160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2022736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1796394312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    191010856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104280512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348162336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2325672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65345344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        62387310                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       666214                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     74849762                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    110734263                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     14603667                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24511992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        499098480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      5329712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5389182864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    885874104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1051464024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    196095936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027014                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69947                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145799                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47477                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       559576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10497528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       379816                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013084                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       149585                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12522                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        52124                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        65266                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22116                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11079                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13998                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1196680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       901584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       416992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       522128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1592352                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       797688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       111984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.086029                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5750834                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5655456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       483584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    414060048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     45243648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.678274                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5753192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11659                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47338                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      5669221                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2326346                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6625                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3323315                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     46025536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       839448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       378704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     45353768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    167496912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     26586520                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.389450                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56869                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7360045                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7233398                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       454952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    529923240                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57867184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.788195                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7362206                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8989                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47826                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7243756                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2463951                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4187                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4763885                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     58897648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       647208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       382608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57950048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    177404472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       301464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38111080                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65578                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116571                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35583                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       524624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8393112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       284664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011447                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       118679                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7763                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50795                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        56821                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23175                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10410                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       949432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       558936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       406360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       454568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1668600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       749520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     2.887361                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     13383662                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7430583                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7587616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13035064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835588                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32301                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8108534                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    107069296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    535001976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     60700928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104280512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348162336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2325672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64868272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.416465                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7412108                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       160530                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     17439741                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     16271362                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     59296864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1284240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1255661352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    130170896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.449989                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3709421                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2046015                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1660247                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29898                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     29675368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147313080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13281976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.705787                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3738071                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3706856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    269141112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     29654848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.449265                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3702687                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2042936                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1656580                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     29621496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147091392                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13252640                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.704486                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3731175                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3700056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    268644600                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     29600448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009764                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001127                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027014                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69947                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145799                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47477                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       559576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10497528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       379816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     1.086029                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5750834                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5655456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       483584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    414060048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     45243648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     1.389450                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56869                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7360045                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7233398                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       454952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    529923240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57867184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.021736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65578                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116571                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35583                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       524624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8393112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       284664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     2.887361                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     13383662                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7430583                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7587616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13035064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835588                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32301                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8108534                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    107069296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    535001976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     60700928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104280512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348162336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2325672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64868272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.449989                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      3709421                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2046015                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1660247                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29898                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     29675368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147313080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13281976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.449265                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      3702687                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2042936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1656580                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     29621496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147091392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13252640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.009764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      61508078                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.957251                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.598488                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    54153949     88.04%     88.04% |        7378      0.01%     88.06% |     7342533     11.94%     99.99% |        1031      0.00%     99.99% |        3064      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        61508078                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      63841095                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.008730                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.227075                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    63704910     99.79%     99.79% |       81987      0.13%     99.92% |        5869      0.01%     99.92% |        9436      0.01%     99.94% |       38295      0.06%    100.00% |         402      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        63841095                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        396878                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000060                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.010997                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      396866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          396878                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216748352                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.184040                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.287256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     29.616018                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   216671889     99.96%     99.96% |       74866      0.03%    100.00% |        1351      0.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216748352                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202321102                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202321102    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    202321102                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14427250                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    78.882626                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    44.417396                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.690930                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    14350787     99.47%     99.47% |       74866      0.52%     99.99% |        1351      0.01%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     14427250                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41175315                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.394754                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.015911                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.627334                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41170787     99.99%     99.99% |        2785      0.01%    100.00% |        1574      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41175315                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41024099                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41024099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41024099                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       151216                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.489551                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    73.586420                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    93.571491                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      146688     97.01%     97.01% |        2785      1.84%     98.85% |        1574      1.04%     99.89% |         110      0.07%     99.96% |          44      0.03%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       151216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    883711742                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.025509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001640                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.971721                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   883636407     99.99%     99.99% |       69563      0.01%    100.00% |        2012      0.00%    100.00% |        2391      0.00%    100.00% |         950      0.00%    100.00% |         368      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    883711742                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883287322                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   883287322    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    883287322                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       424420                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.114109                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.317927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.629535                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      349085     82.25%     82.25% |       69563     16.39%     98.64% |        2012      0.47%     99.11% |        2391      0.56%     99.68% |         950      0.22%     99.90% |         368      0.09%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          27      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       424420                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1190864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.439148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.105696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.799290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1180682     99.14%     99.14% |        9281      0.78%     99.92% |         310      0.03%     99.95% |         335      0.03%     99.98% |         171      0.01%     99.99% |          69      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1190864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1162822                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1162822    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1162822                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.583660                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    71.300289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    88.854282                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17860     63.69%     63.69% |        9281     33.10%     96.79% |         310      1.11%     97.89% |         335      1.19%     99.09% |         171      0.61%     99.70% |          69      0.25%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          11      0.04%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.564375                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.170112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.480524                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |    12324310     97.97%     97.97% |      195381      1.55%     99.53% |       57873      0.46%     99.99% |        1489      0.01%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6688910                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6688910    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6688910                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5890506                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.150939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.550841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.421382                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5635400     95.67%     95.67% |      195381      3.32%     98.99% |       57873      0.98%     99.97% |        1489      0.03%     99.99% |         361      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5890506                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12579416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     3709421     50.05%     50.05% |     3702687     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      7412108                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     2046015     50.04%     50.04% |     2042936     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      4088951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3737921     50.05%     50.05% |     3731075     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7468996                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2046819     50.04%     50.04% |     2043744     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4090563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28650     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57138                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1660247     50.06%     50.06% |     1656580     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3316827                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     3709421     50.05%     50.05% |     3702687     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      7412108                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28500     50.10%     50.10% |       28388     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         804     49.88%     49.88% |         808     50.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1612                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       28500     50.10%     50.10% |       28388     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        56888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         804     49.88%     49.88% |         808     50.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1612                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     2045421     50.04%     50.04% |     2042396     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      4087817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         150     60.00%     60.00% |         100     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         444     50.23%     50.23% |         440     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1660247     50.06%     50.06% |     1656580     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3316827                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3709421     50.05%     50.05% |     3702687     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      7412108                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     2045421     50.04%     50.04% |     2042396     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      4087817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         150     60.00%     60.00% |         100     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         150     60.00%     60.00% |         100     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         444     50.23%     50.23% |         440     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         444     50.23%     50.23% |         440     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          884                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1062326      0.83%      0.83% |    37655780     29.56%     30.39% |    87980601     69.06%     99.45% |      696136      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127394843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5821751      1.14%      1.14% |   138527563     27.05%     28.19% |   363887280     71.05%     99.24% |     3894454      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    512131048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      822722      1.95%      1.95% |    16366622     38.84%     40.79% |    24392302     57.88%     98.67% |      562050      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42143696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       63203     27.43%     27.43% |       53963     23.42%     50.86% |       52013     22.58%     73.43% |       61205     26.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       230384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       95549      0.72%      0.72% |     5716614     43.29%     44.02% |     7320280     55.44%     99.46% |       71666      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     13204109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         966     24.25%     24.25% |        1311     32.91%     57.17% |         723     18.15%     75.32% |         983     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5778     31.27%     31.27% |        5174     28.01%     59.28% |        4133     22.37%     81.65% |        3390     18.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         209     22.45%     22.45% |         177     19.01%     41.46% |         344     36.95%     78.41% |         201     21.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       35601      0.38%      0.38% |     4317270     46.43%     46.82% |     4915045     52.86%     99.68% |       30049      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9297965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5608     30.35%     30.35% |        3147     17.03%     47.39% |        3676     19.90%     67.29% |        6044     32.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      104381      2.57%      2.57% |     1430240     35.26%     37.84% |     2440980     60.18%     98.02% |       80277      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4055878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        7368     44.80%     44.80% |        3260     19.82%     64.62% |        3057     18.59%     83.20% |        2763     16.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3995     35.22%     35.22% |        2535     22.35%     57.56% |        2505     22.08%     79.65% |        2309     20.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        11344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       36114      0.28%      0.28% |     5649661     43.65%     43.93% |     7227836     55.84%     99.76% |       30511      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     12944122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       33981      0.36%      0.36% |     4324414     46.24%     46.61% |     4964435     53.09%     99.69% |       28914      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      9351744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       49790     29.66%     29.66% |       50171     29.88%     59.54% |       36490     21.73%     81.27% |       31445     18.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       167896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       11968      0.32%      0.32% |     1342029     36.42%     36.74% |     2319926     62.95%     99.69% |       11307      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      3685230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6742     17.89%     17.89% |       13367     35.47%     53.37% |        8043     21.34%     74.71% |        9530     25.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        37682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       12050     30.97%     30.97% |        8011     20.59%     51.56% |        5939     15.26%     66.82% |       12910     33.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        38910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       29707     27.90%     27.90% |       21792     20.46%     48.36% |       30307     28.46%     76.82% |       24682     23.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       106488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        8303     36.13%     36.13% |        4415     19.21%     55.35% |        2948     12.83%     68.18% |        7313     31.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        22979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7205     25.95%     25.95% |        7387     26.60%     52.55% |        5642     20.32%     72.86% |        7536     27.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        27770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      132631      5.36%      5.36% |      647144     26.14%     31.49% |     1590776     64.25%     95.74% |      105546      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2476097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5742253      1.12%      1.12% |   138455600     27.05%     28.17% |   363820483     71.08%     99.25% |     3838327      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    511856663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3786     36.35%     36.35% |        2360     22.66%     59.01% |        2161     20.75%     79.76% |        2108     20.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       39847     27.89%     27.89% |       30225     21.15%     49.04% |       37287     26.10%     75.14% |       35528     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       142887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       52230     22.49%     22.49% |       59566     25.65%     48.14% |       86802     37.38%     85.52% |       33619     14.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       232217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      219318      0.25%      0.25% |    22170107     25.15%     25.40% |    65626391     74.45%     99.86% |      127380      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     88143196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       13215      1.14%      1.14% |      986986     85.03%     86.17% |      145358     12.52%     98.69% |       15165      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1160724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        5535     31.61%     31.61% |        3744     21.38%     52.99% |        2496     14.25%     67.24% |        5737     32.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        17512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       13998      0.17%      0.17% |     3323315     40.99%     41.16% |     4763885     58.75%     99.91% |        7336      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      8108534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         516     32.13%     32.13% |         652     40.60%     72.73% |         185     11.52%     84.25% |         253     15.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2313     24.76%     24.76% |        2843     30.43%     55.19% |        2656     28.43%     83.62% |        1530     16.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         9342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      664346      2.43%      2.43% |    10506104     38.36%     40.79% |    15793060     57.67%     98.46% |      421386      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     27384896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      785450      2.11%      2.11% |    14030832     37.65%     39.76% |    21921909     58.83%     98.59% |      526157      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     37264348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       11079     34.30%     34.30% |        6625     20.51%     54.81% |        4187     12.96%     67.77% |       10410     32.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        32301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       22116      0.46%      0.46% |     2326346     48.11%     48.57% |     2463951     50.95%     99.52% |       23175      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      4835588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         450     18.93%     18.93% |         659     27.72%     46.66% |         538     22.63%     69.29% |         730     30.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3465     37.94%     37.94% |        2331     25.52%     63.46% |        1477     16.17%     79.63% |        1860     20.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       35601      0.38%      0.38% |     4317270     46.43%     46.82% |     4915045     52.86%     99.68% |       30049      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      9297965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5608     30.35%     30.35% |        3147     17.03%     47.39% |        3676     19.90%     67.29% |        6044     32.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       84319     24.19%     24.19% |       83971     24.09%     48.28% |      118450     33.98%     82.26% |       61858     17.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       348598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         209     22.45%     22.45% |         177     19.01%     41.46% |         344     36.95%     78.41% |         201     21.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       20062      0.54%      0.54% |     1346269     36.31%     36.86% |     2322530     62.65%     99.50% |       18419      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3707280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7368     44.80%     44.80% |        3260     19.82%     64.62% |        3057     18.59%     83.20% |        2763     16.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3995     35.22%     35.22% |        2535     22.35%     57.56% |        2505     22.08%     79.65% |        2309     20.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        11344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       36114      0.28%      0.28% |     5649661     43.65%     43.93% |     7227836     55.84%     99.76% |       30511      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     12944122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       274388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9390706      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3708216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        10415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       12944122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      4058028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3346616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       7412108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        7405778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          41434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              86277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          94427      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     13016589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           2268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        72013      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      4201333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      3138762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       202354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        74212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        10413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        75003      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      5096633      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       564535      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      4053257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3224867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     12944122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        46746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      7405778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        29789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        16957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          84109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        75003      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           2168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      4201332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        72014      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      3138762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11344      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     13005245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18411      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
