
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.606408                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3606407711500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54845067461001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136018                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   231645                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242753559                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1865104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14856.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2020719589                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3441372147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       644672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            644672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       200768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         200768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        10073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       178757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               178757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        55670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               55670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       234427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              234427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      10073                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      3137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    10073                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    3137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                640896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 200064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 644672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              200768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3606407503000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                10073                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                3137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   9977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         4385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.810262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   115.916648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   258.106229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2575     58.72%     58.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          962     21.94%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          256      5.84%     86.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      2.83%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      1.85%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.09%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.80%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.82%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          268      6.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         4385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    100.231638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   621.928998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          174     98.31%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      1.13%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.661017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.546490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.126218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              92     51.98%     51.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              26     14.69%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              23     12.99%     79.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              26     14.69%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      3.39%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.56%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.56%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.56%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   101152250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              288914750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  50070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10101.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28851.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    6685                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   2071                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 273005866.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   66.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                25031160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                13657875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               68273400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              10821600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        235780112880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         81235440405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2094671748000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2411805085320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.111364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482928391000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120426020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3058604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                27941760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                15246000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               70207800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               9434880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        235780112880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         81683987940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2094278285250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2411865216510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.128021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482658713500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120426020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3327032500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       597376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            597376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       183616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         183616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         9334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       165643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               165643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        50914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               50914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              216557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       9334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     9334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                594880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 182848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 597376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              183616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3606407822000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 9334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   9263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.615590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.918501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   274.658845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2153     57.47%     57.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          768     20.50%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          241      6.43%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.31%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           75      2.00%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      1.04%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           49      1.31%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.64%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          273      7.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    104.870370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   646.650242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          155     95.68%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      3.09%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.635802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.522809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.111066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              85     52.47%     52.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.62%     53.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              22     13.58%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              22     13.58%     80.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              22     13.58%     93.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      3.70%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      1.23%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.62%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    88899750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              263181000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  46475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9564.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28314.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    6376                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2031                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 295534526.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                22536360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                12296625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               65426400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               9739440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        235780112880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         81236249235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2094671038500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2411797399440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.109234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482995865750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120426020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2991059250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                25439400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                13880625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               67251600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               8773920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        235780112880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         81659559735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2094299713500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2411854731660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.125116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482717430250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120426020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3267944250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7213232286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19524993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34615929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29216409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     612729                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2056575                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29216409                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           56402364                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22243561                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14167244                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10447206                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7748223                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5753456                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1994767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7140789592.435254                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              72442693.564746                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2825272                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               120881      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22876943     66.09%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  213706      0.62%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    38013      0.11%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.45%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5753456     16.62%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1994767      5.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  34615985                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7213780359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994017093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3391963755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756625377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49907555                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199772628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756625377                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216414202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2051837342                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288190518                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039074088                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738022868                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571677142                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166345726                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              64063622.334285                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7149716736.665715                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991119                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008881                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261084364                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1505702      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188565949     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24039764      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210259      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571677142     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166345726      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3391963907                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7212474565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2581515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5566826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5444204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       393136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5444204                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11057379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4519148                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3142453                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1654419                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1324078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     825118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    498960                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7201711232.673794                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10763332.326206                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001492                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998508                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           595591                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               104406      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4090274     73.48%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   11344      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    36730      0.66%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  825118     14.82%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 498960      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5566832                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7215733940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3219711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6688406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6559495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     172249                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       490220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6559495                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13318319                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5409319                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3741211                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2055900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1579594                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     980892                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    598702                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7201745629.209854                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13988310.790146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001939                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998061                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           720401                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               101891      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4954643     74.08%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14992      0.22%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    35919      0.54%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  980892     14.67%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 598702      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6688495                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3666                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2292994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2162981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2282498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2284998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1455500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1395500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1383500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1560500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13543899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.721764                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.290858                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12323986     90.99%     90.99% |         739      0.01%     91.00% |     1219003      9.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13543899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3588720576                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000250                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3588720352    100.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3588720576                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3588720576                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.018860                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003070                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.658974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3588714320    100.00%    100.00% |        5793      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3588720576                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3584945798                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3584945798    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3584945798                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3774778                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.930484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.426916                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.574903                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3768522     99.83%     99.83% |        5793      0.15%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |         121      0.00%     99.99% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3774778                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7701566                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        47713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7749279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27202410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        58704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     27261114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735673023                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2353384                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738026407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2803890886                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1182443                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2805073329                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1296997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26387                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1323384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3402047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        28806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3430853                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1543078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38047                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1581125                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4235791                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39294                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4275085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3733870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        40908                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3774778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.004916                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       106417                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20590                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       117245                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        63379                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37891                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13777                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10462                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       851336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       164720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8441640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       507032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       303128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       991944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        83696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.174767                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      3535827                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3535762                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1901868                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1893061                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1172088                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       713919                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     28286616                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    254574864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15214944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15144488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84390336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5711352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.002582                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        55193                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21173                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        65311                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28697                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3835                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1326                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       441544                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4702392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       229576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       122344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       276120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        10608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.003475                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        77341                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18732                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83353                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39916                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        26378                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9284                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       618728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       149856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6001416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       319328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       211024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       668448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.184839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0      3794098                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3781829                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1958401                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1972623                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1198984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     30352784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       335872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    272291688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15667208                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15780984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     86326848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5855000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.000445                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0        10027                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12219                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0        80216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       879768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        44400                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000408                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0         9293                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11209                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4579                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0        74344                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       807048                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36632                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.041283                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0      3794098                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67431                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3803511                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2001195                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1972623                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1198984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       734849                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     30352784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       539448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    273852792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16009560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15780984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     86326848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5878792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        11382294                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       176846                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11410533                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     11921454                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3597612                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2213187                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         91058352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1414768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    821558376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     95371632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    259028064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     17705496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006675                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20590                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98886                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        52400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       164720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7119792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       419200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003157                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       106417                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18359                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10979                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37891                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13777                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10462                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       851336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1321848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        87832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       303128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       991944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        83696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.233652                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3533632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1896196                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    254421504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15169568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.115881                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3535827                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2130                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1893061                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1172088                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       713919                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     28286616                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       153360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        45376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15144488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84390336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5711352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003570                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21173                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53342                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13725                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3840624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       109800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001594                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        55193                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11969                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14972                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3835                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1326                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       441544                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       861768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       119776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       122344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       276120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        10608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004947                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18732                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74334                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25916                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       149856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5352048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       207328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002004                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        77341                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9019                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        26378                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9284                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       618728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       649368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       112000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       211024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       668448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.122250                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3774778                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39209                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10348                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1972623                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1198984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     30198224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2823048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        82784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15780984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     86326848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5855000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.247427                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3742620                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1948053                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       154560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       335872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    269468640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15584424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10027                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2141                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       154152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        11840                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000667                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10078                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4070                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       725616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32560                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000199                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9293                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1873                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        74344                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       134856                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000616                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3449                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       672192                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006675                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20590                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98886                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        52400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       164720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7119792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       419200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.233652                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3533632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1896196                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    254421504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15169568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.003570                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21173                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53342                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13725                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3840624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       109800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004947                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18732                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74334                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25916                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       149856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5352048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       207328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.122250                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      3774778                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39209                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10348                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1972623                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1198984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     30198224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2823048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        82784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15780984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     86326848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5855000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        10027                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2141                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0        80216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       154152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        11840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000199                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0         9293                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1873                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1130                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0        74344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       134856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       7678260                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.249807                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.905217                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6479008     84.38%     84.38% |         159      0.00%     84.38% |     1198927     15.61%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         7678260                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       5798208                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.030897                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.478679                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5769853     99.51%     99.51% |        7694      0.13%     99.64% |         233      0.00%     99.65% |         347      0.01%     99.65% |       20040      0.35%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         5798208                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         67431                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       67431    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           67431                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573305835                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.050058                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007890                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.075169                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573302611    100.00%    100.00% |        3046      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573305835                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    571788642                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   571788642    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    571788642                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1517193                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.915493                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.485135                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.942456                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1513969     99.79%     99.79% |        3046      0.20%     99.99% |          37      0.00%     99.99% |          49      0.00%     99.99% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1517193                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169303426                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.101859                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.016120                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.706596                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169301683    100.00%    100.00% |        1519      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169303426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    168378437                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   168378437    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    168378437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       924989                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.643540                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.671375                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.689241                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      923246     99.81%     99.81% |        1519      0.16%     99.98% |          36      0.00%     99.98% |          54      0.01%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       924989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2840040381                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.368954                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2840039201    100.00%    100.00% |        1124      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2840040381                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838731134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838731134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838731134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1309247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.227010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.067350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.665187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1308067     99.91%     99.91% |        1124      0.09%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1309247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5809056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.060692                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.232275                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5808980    100.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5809056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5791499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5791499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5791499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17557                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.081050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.450028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.019984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17481     99.57%     99.57% |          21      0.12%     99.69% |          51      0.29%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17557                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.087117                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.151627                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.108237                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      130858     99.94%     99.94% |          27      0.02%     99.96% |          52      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125147                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125147    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125147                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5792                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.576312                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.326003                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.316759                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5711     98.60%     98.60% |          27      0.47%     99.07% |          52      0.90%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5792                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130939    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       130939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130939    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       130939                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       10027     51.90%     51.90% |        9293     48.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        19320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        2141     53.34%     53.34% |        1873     46.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total         4014                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       10073     51.90%     51.90% |        9334     48.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        19407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        3137     52.23%     52.23% |        2869     47.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         6006                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          51     54.26%     54.26% |          43     45.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        1480     56.70%     56.70% |        1130     43.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         2610                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       10027     51.90%     51.90% |        9293     48.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        19320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         996     50.00%     50.00% |         996     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         996     50.00%     50.00% |         996     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        1692     54.25%     54.25% |        1427     45.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total         3119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         444     50.00%     50.00% |         444     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        1480     56.70%     56.70% |        1130     43.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         2610                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       10027     51.90%     51.90% |        9293     48.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        19320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        1692     54.25%     54.25% |        1427     45.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total         3119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         444     50.00%     50.00% |         444     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         444     50.00%     50.00% |         444     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          888                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5628596      0.98%      0.98% |   565993757     98.72%     99.71% |      765798      0.13%     99.84% |      917684      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573305835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27261114      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219658240    100.00%    100.00% |     3430853      0.00%    100.00% |     4275085      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072254623744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2120683      1.21%      1.21% |   172032650     98.09%     99.30% |      557586      0.32%     99.62% |      663441      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175374360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11031     24.06%     24.06% |        5691     12.41%     36.48% |       15076     32.89%     69.36% |       14045     30.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        45843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       97905      2.61%      2.61% |     3530902     94.30%     96.92% |       47081      1.26%     98.17% |       68340      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3744228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         759     44.67%     44.67% |         360     21.19%     65.86% |         225     13.24%     79.11% |         355     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8800     44.25%     44.25% |         885      4.45%     48.70% |        5872     29.52%     78.22% |        4332     21.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        19889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         832     20.06%     20.06% |         775     18.68%     38.74% |        1639     39.51%     78.25% |         902     21.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       15830      1.58%      1.58% |      972439     96.82%     98.39% |        5677      0.57%     98.96% |       10450      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1004396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4341     21.83%     21.83% |        5277     26.53%     48.36% |        4419     22.22%     70.58% |        5852     29.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        19889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       77883      2.85%      2.85% |     2555141     93.53%     96.39% |       41607      1.52%     97.91% |       57130      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2731761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       19798     51.23%     51.23% |        7219     18.68%     69.91% |        5074     13.13%     83.04% |        6555     16.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        38646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8363     44.65%     44.65% |        2970     15.86%     60.50% |        3490     18.63%     79.13% |        3909     20.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       24239      1.26%      1.26% |     1886007     97.68%     98.93% |        5161      0.27%     99.20% |       15452      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1930859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       29078      1.94%      1.94% |     1435492     95.56%     97.50% |       14962      1.00%     98.50% |       22598      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1502130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       58701      4.48%      4.48% |     1182442     90.32%     94.80% |       28804      2.20%     97.00% |       39293      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1309240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       10126      1.08%      1.08% |      913104     97.81%     98.89% |        3315      0.36%     99.25% |        7030      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       933575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        4551     30.62%     30.62% |        2663     17.91%     48.53% |        4114     27.68%     76.21% |        3537     23.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        14865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         915      6.07%      6.07% |        2547     16.91%     22.98% |        6228     41.35%     64.33% |        5373     35.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        15063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          63     35.20%     35.20% |          46     25.70%     60.89% |          31     17.32%     78.21% |          39     21.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5986     35.37%     35.37% |        1004      5.93%     41.30% |        4636     27.39%     68.70% |        5297     31.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        16923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      355540      0.29%      0.29% |   122485082     99.42%     99.71% |      166073      0.13%     99.85% |      187274      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    123193969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    27202410      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072218474496    100.00%    100.00% |     3402047      0.00%    100.00% |     4235791      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072253313024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        7531     51.64%     51.64% |        2195     15.05%     66.69% |        1851     12.69%     79.38% |        3007     20.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        6407     20.89%     20.89% |        3004      9.80%     30.69% |       10811     35.26%     65.95% |       10442     34.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        30664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       67680      3.77%      3.77% |     1643891     91.51%     95.28% |       37284      2.08%     97.35% |       47591      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1796446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1808915      1.72%      1.72% |   103079546     98.10%     99.82% |       70697      0.07%     99.89% |      116014      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    105075172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        3088      1.17%      1.17% |      257971     97.85%     99.02% |         666      0.25%     99.28% |        1910      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       263635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          21     22.34%     22.34% |           5      5.32%     27.66% |          47     50.00%     77.66% |          21     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       10462      1.43%      1.43% |      713919     97.55%     98.98% |        1326      0.18%     99.16% |        6168      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       731875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          78     18.53%     18.53% |          86     20.43%     38.95% |          77     18.29%     57.24% |         180     42.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2121     25.45%     25.45% |          77      0.92%     26.37% |        3932     47.18%     73.55% |        2204     26.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3434148      1.00%      1.00% |   338991090     98.68%     99.68% |      507838      0.15%     99.83% |      586425      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    343519501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2099875      1.21%      1.21% |   170859334     98.10%     99.31% |      551723      0.32%     99.63% |      651455      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    174162387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          52     23.64%     23.64% |          19      8.64%     32.27% |         104     47.27%     79.55% |          45     20.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       13777      1.15%      1.15% |     1172088     97.76%     98.91% |        3835      0.32%     99.23% |        9284      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1198984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         681     53.29%     53.29% |         274     21.44%     74.73% |         148     11.58%     86.31% |         175     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        6679     57.80%     57.80% |         808      6.99%     64.79% |        1940     16.79%     81.58% |        2128     18.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        11555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       15830      1.58%      1.58% |      972439     96.82%     98.39% |        5677      0.57%     98.96% |       10450      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1004396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4341     21.83%     21.83% |        5277     26.53%     48.36% |        4419     22.22%     70.58% |        5852     29.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        19889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       68526      3.80%      3.80% |     1642766     91.16%     94.96% |       39900      2.21%     97.17% |       50963      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1802155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         832     20.06%     20.06% |         775     18.68%     38.74% |        1639     39.51%     78.25% |         902     21.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        9357      1.01%      1.01% |      912375     98.15%     99.15% |        1707      0.18%     99.34% |        6167      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       929606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       19798     51.23%     51.23% |        7219     18.68%     69.91% |        5074     13.13%     83.04% |        6555     16.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        38646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        8363     44.65%     44.65% |        2970     15.86%     60.50% |        3490     18.63%     79.13% |        3909     20.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       24239      1.26%      1.26% |     1886007     97.68%     98.93% |        5161      0.27%     99.20% |       15452      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1930859                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      1309247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1517196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         933754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        14584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1930859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         2992      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         2737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         19320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           6624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          11775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               1385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          19889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1952734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         2522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         5560      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      1306721      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       492908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        14584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       998836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       916669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         2840      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         1368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        19889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1699      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      1930859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         6624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           1173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         5560      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         2522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        11238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      1934002      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        11554      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        19887      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.621371                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3621371009000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54860030758501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   231499                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242530846                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2103696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14931.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2028785219                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456644338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1768384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1768384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       798400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         798400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        27631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              27631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        12475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             12475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       488319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               488319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       220469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              220469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       708788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              708788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      27631                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     12475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    27631                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   12475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1762240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 797696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1768384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              798400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3621366660500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                27631                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               12475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        16931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.209497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.885705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.492004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10438     61.65%     61.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3918     23.14%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1084      6.40%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          465      2.75%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          273      1.61%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          160      0.95%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          140      0.83%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      0.50%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          368      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        16931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     46.652116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   301.851530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          753     99.60%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.26%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.486772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.443427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.295365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             636     84.13%     84.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              58      7.67%     91.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              25      3.31%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              27      3.57%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.79%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.13%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.13%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.13%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   367501987                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              883783237                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 137675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13346.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32096.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   17337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5733                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                62.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               45.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  90294885.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                70882560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                38676000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              133060200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              41504400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        236757565200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         85627851570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2099797859250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2422467399180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.294519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3491425255000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120925740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9025388000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                76938120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                41980125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              142092600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              39262320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        236757565200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         86697731880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2098859367750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2422614937995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.335221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3490246393250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120925740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10204805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1701120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1701120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       768704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         768704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              26580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        12011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             12011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       469745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               469745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       212269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              212269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       682014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              682014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      26580                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     12011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    26580                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   12011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1697152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 768064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1701120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              768704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3621370019000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                26580                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               12011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  25998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        15838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   155.660058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.177443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.907167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9556     60.34%     60.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3730     23.55%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1056      6.67%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          511      3.23%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          250      1.58%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          154      0.97%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          132      0.83%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           75      0.47%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          374      2.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        15838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     47.012363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   306.006650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          721     99.04%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.69%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.484890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.440747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.312218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             612     84.07%     84.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.55%     84.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              54      7.42%     92.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      3.16%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              24      3.30%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.82%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.27%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.14%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.14%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   335205993                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              832418493                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 132590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12640.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31390.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   16906                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   5777                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                63.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               48.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  93839755.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                66618720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                36349500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              128863800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              39793680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        236757565200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         85623346575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2099801811000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2422454348475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.290919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3491500586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120925740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8950136750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                72772560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                39707250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              138169200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              37972800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        236757565200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         86633246070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2098915934250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2422595367330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.329822                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3490363794250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120925740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10087032750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7243404308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   22249284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39752532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34290540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8430661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     716505                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2449019                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34290540                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8430661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           66622606                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          26252576                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14114940                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7498871                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            16820904                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           12018870                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8969392                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6454345                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2515047                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7158914593.811500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              84489714.188501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.011664                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.988336                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3385461                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               144308      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 26741028     67.27%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  216179      0.54%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    40175      0.10%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3641697      9.16%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6454345     16.24%     93.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2515047      6.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  39752795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7243706954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1995865785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3395481488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2760056273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010090444                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49990609                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200016903                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2760056273                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010090444                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5223427006                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2054641370                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701901806                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899767163                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1289908349                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1040325894                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738825522                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572184035                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166641487                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              84657601.262039                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7159049352.737962                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988313                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011687                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261435070                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1524075      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2191258420     64.53%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24041089      0.71%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   211931      0.01%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439620767     12.95%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572184035     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166641487      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3395481820                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7237240285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3406688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7159848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7003654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     197014                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       496061                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7003654                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         5403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           14264957                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5772864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                8839                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               4287                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3887736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2160546                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1722432                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1070702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    651730                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7222031179.931816                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              15209105.068184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002102                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997898                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           758091                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               115022      1.61%      1.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5269055     73.59%     75.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12188      0.17%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    37180      0.52%     75.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   4106      0.06%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1070702     14.95%     90.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 651730      9.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7159983                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7246046837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5887185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11713239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11525237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 13593                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     277072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       878008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11525237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        13593                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           23152692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9394156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               21908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              10676                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6408561                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3838165                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2704129                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1648976                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1055153                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7219324427.292651                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              26722409.707349                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003688                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996312                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1268409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               122539      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8819313     75.29%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   18588      0.16%     76.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    39222      0.33%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   9803      0.08%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1648976     14.08%     90.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1055153      9.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11713642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7124                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7124                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8700                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8700                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               917                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              917                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         9274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   33482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           94                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8386                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15971                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9950                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          599                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7148483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8402500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3244985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3101977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3205495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3250490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1320994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3341000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy            12293500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             5387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             4271000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27850273                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.720691                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.290136                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25347377     91.01%     91.01% |        4182      0.02%     91.03% |     2497288      8.97%     99.99% |         428      0.00%    100.00% |         902      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27850273                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7191655793                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000410                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7191654585    100.00%    100.00% |        1208      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7191655793                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7191655793                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.019878                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003146                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.755671                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7191653128    100.00%    100.00% |        1690      0.00%    100.00% |         942      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7191655793                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7183927012                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7183927012    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7183927012                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7728781                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.496642                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.600228                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.769353                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7726116     99.97%     99.97% |        1690      0.02%     99.99% |         942      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7728781                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8901072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8978248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     30850408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        80470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     30930878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    736445511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2381604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738827115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2806256979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1195574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2807452553                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1679133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1722017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4467438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        34979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4502417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2636365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2714322                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7744308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        63359                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7807667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3865163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        88840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3954003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.007453                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       157646                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29143                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       171433                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        94285                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        65061                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        27659                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19099                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1261168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       233144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12343176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       754280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       520488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1991448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        16920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       152792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.176267                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      3577178                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17044                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3582084                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1930967                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1919643                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1184474                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       721136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0     28617424                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       136352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    257910048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15447736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15357144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     85282128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5769088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003797                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        77863                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        91178                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46107                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        30860                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6515                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       622904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6564816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       368856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       246880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       701568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.006717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       141316                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       150461                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        80969                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63449                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28754                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          122                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        18831                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1130528                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       218760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10833192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       647752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       507592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2070288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       150648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.194362                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0      4008127                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67943                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4002227                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2105183                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2079013                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1250631                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          762                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       765581                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     32065016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       543544                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    288160344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16841464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16632104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90045432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        54864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6124648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.001412                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0        27585                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39054                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26966                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0       220680                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2811888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       215728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001355                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0        26539                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37534                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25253                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0       212312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2702448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       202024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.043500                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0      4008127                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       101420                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4037039                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2154865                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2079013                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1250631                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          762                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       768685                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     32065016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       811360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    290666808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     17238920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16632104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90045432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        54864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6149480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        12024381                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       270783                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     12111106                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     12701634                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3754179                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2315079                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         96195048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2166264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    871999632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    101613072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    270300888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     18520632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009989                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29143                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148904                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        77669                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       233144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10721088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       621352                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004917                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       157646                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22529                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        65061                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        27659                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19099                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1261168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1622088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       132928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       520488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1991448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        16920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       152792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.235369                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17044                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3573058                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1919829                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       136352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    257260176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15358632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.117164                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3577178                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9026                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11138                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1919643                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1184474                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       721136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     28617424                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       649872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        89104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15357144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     85282128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5769088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005027                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74775                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27389                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5383800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       219112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002567                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        77863                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16403                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18718                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        30860                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6515                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       622904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1181016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       246880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       701568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       136785                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       218760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9848520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       491904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004322                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       141316                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13676                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19481                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63449                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28754                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          122                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        18831                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1130528                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       984672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       155848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       507592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2070288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       150648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130093                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3954003                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81053                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54014                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2079013                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1250631                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          762                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       765581                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     31632024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5835816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       432112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16632104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90045432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        54864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6124648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.258630                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        54124                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67943                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3921174                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2051169                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       432992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       543544                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    282324528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16409352                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000963                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        27585                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7549                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       220680                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       821952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        60392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001862                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27638                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19417                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1989936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       155336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000922                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        26539                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10952                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6927                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       212312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       788544                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001788                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26582                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18326                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1913904                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146608                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009989                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29143                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        77669                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       233144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10721088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       621352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.235369                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17044                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3573058                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1919829                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       136352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    257260176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15358632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005027                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74775                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27389                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5383800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       219112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.009112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27345                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       136785                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       218760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9848520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       491904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.130093                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      3954003                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81053                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54014                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2079013                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1250631                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          762                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       765581                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     31632024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5835816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       432112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16632104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90045432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        54864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6124648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000963                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        27585                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7549                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       220680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       821952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        60392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000922                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        26539                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6927                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       212312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       788544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      15727488                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.248046                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.905376                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    13275935     84.41%     84.41% |        1204      0.01%     84.42% |     2448991     15.57%     99.99% |         396      0.00%     99.99% |         867      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        15727488                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      11953934                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.037043                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.522170                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    11902591     99.57%     99.57% |        2978      0.02%     99.60% |       48297      0.40%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        11953934                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        168851                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000059                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.010883                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      168846    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          168851                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148644383                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.052879                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008083                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.249670                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148643232    100.00%    100.00% |         740      0.00%    100.00% |         391      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1148644383                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1145541420                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1145541420    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1145541420                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3102963                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.574616                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.688274                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.998758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3101812     99.96%     99.96% |         740      0.02%     99.99% |         391      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3102963                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    339989434                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.107917                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.016445                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.974022                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339988357    100.00%    100.00% |         625      0.00%    100.00% |         441      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     339989434                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    338103737                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   338103737    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    338103737                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1885697                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.457389                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.933357                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.058042                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1884620     99.94%     99.94% |         625      0.03%     99.98% |         441      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1885697                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690733896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007778                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.405945                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5690728516    100.00%    100.00% |        4978      0.00%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5690733896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5688050267                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5688050267    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5688050267                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2683629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.493135                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.141485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.806330                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2678249     99.80%     99.80% |        4978      0.19%     99.99% |         165      0.01%     99.99% |         136      0.01%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2683629                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11688834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.069086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010111                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.436153                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11688520    100.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |         228      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11688834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11650122                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11650122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11650122                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.860018                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.858458                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.750447                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       38398     99.19%     99.19% |          68      0.18%     99.36% |         228      0.59%     99.95% |           3      0.01%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           4      0.01%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        38712                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.526785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.208898                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.316349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      299174     99.85%     99.85% |         159      0.05%     99.90% |         269      0.09%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       299623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       281843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      281843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       281843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17780                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.728909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.457020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.298561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17331     97.47%     97.47% |         159      0.89%     98.37% |         269      1.51%     99.88% |           1      0.01%     99.89% |           1      0.01%     99.89% |           3      0.02%     99.91% |           7      0.04%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17780                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       299623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       27585     50.97%     50.97% |       26539     49.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        54124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       11416     51.04%     51.04% |       10952     48.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        22368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       27631     50.97%     50.97% |       26580     49.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        54211                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       12475     50.95%     50.95% |       12011     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        24486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          53     55.21%     55.21% |          43     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        7549     52.15%     52.15% |        6927     47.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        14476                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       27585     50.97%     50.97% |       26539     49.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        54124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1059     50.00%     50.00% |        1059     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1059     50.00%     50.00% |        1059     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       10964     51.07%     51.07% |       10505     48.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        21469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         445     50.00%     50.00% |         445     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        7549     52.15%     52.15% |        6927     47.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        14476                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       27585     50.97%     50.97% |       26539     49.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        54124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       10964     51.07%     51.07% |       10505     48.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        21469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         445     50.00%     50.00% |         445     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         445     50.00%     50.00% |         445     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          890                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6310180      1.10%      1.10% |   566471464     98.46%     99.56% |      998206      0.17%     99.73% |     1558698      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575338548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    30930879      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072222035968    100.00%    100.00% |     4502417      0.00%    100.00% |     7807667      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265275392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2668068      1.51%      1.51% |   172355651     97.43%     98.94% |      723811      0.41%     99.35% |     1155624      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    176903154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       16851     25.26%     25.26% |       11265     16.89%     42.14% |       18996     28.47%     70.62% |       19603     29.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        66715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      146582      3.75%      3.75% |     3567120     91.24%     94.98% |       66673      1.71%     96.69% |      129435      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3909810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        2055     26.43%     26.43% |        2532     32.56%     58.99% |        1381     17.76%     76.75% |        1808     23.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         7776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       10237     38.01%     38.01% |        3247     12.06%     50.07% |        7511     27.89%     77.96% |        5934     22.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        26929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         931     20.67%     20.67% |         857     19.02%     39.69% |        1673     37.14%     76.83% |        1044     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       29665      2.80%      2.80% |      983366     92.93%     95.73% |       12653      1.20%     96.92% |       32549      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1058233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5890     21.87%     21.87% |        7552     28.04%     49.92% |        5808     21.57%     71.48% |        7679     28.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        26929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      112418      3.95%      3.95% |     2581283     90.77%     94.72% |       54641      1.92%     96.64% |       95513      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2843855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21238     47.01%     47.01% |        9242     20.46%     67.47% |        6369     14.10%     81.57% |        8328     18.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        45177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9673     38.71%     38.71% |        4977     19.92%     58.63% |        4761     19.05%     77.69% |        5575     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        24986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       46758      2.32%      2.32% |     1905610     94.51%     96.83% |       16259      0.81%     97.64% |       47585      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2016212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       46171      2.95%      2.95% |     1448875     92.45%     95.40% |       23387      1.49%     96.89% |       48768      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1567201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       80447      5.85%      5.85% |     1195568     86.99%     92.85% |       34966      2.54%     95.39% |       63349      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1374330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       19964      2.06%      2.06% |      922813     95.23%     97.29% |        8320      0.86%     98.15% |       17899      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       968996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        8800     30.88%     30.88% |        5915     20.76%     51.64% |        6148     21.58%     73.22% |        7630     26.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        28493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1499      8.07%      8.07% |        4004     21.56%     29.64% |        7098     38.22%     67.86% |        5968     32.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        18569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |          23     44.23%     44.23% |           6     11.54%     55.77% |          13     25.00%     80.77% |          10     19.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         799     18.27%     18.27% |        1792     40.98%     59.25% |         991     22.66%     81.91% |         791     18.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         4373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7584     33.99%     33.99% |        2290     10.26%     44.25% |        5743     25.74%     69.98% |        6698     30.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      431965      0.35%      0.35% |   122554783     99.29%     99.64% |      199879      0.16%     99.80% |      247127      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    123433754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    30850408      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072220841984    100.00%    100.00% |     4467438      0.00%    100.00% |     7744308      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072263903232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8743     42.69%     42.69% |        4120     20.12%     62.80% |        3088     15.08%     77.88% |        4531     22.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        20482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        7737     20.85%     20.85% |        5157     13.90%     34.75% |       12416     33.46%     68.21% |       11797     31.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        37107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       92240      4.93%      4.93% |     1659220     88.67%     93.60% |       44671      2.39%     95.98% |       75152      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1871283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1945034      1.84%      1.84% |   103162433     97.77%     99.62% |      122414      0.12%     99.73% |      282088      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    105511969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        7402      2.63%      2.63% |      261114     92.94%     95.57% |        2014      0.72%     96.29% |       10426      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       280956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          78     22.16%     22.16% |          66     18.75%     40.91% |         154     43.75%     84.66% |          54     15.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       19099      2.49%      2.49% |      721136     94.19%     96.69% |        6515      0.85%     97.54% |       18831      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       765581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         338     24.73%     24.73% |         346     25.31%     50.04% |          97      7.10%     57.13% |         586     42.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2569     26.04%     26.04% |         344      3.49%     29.52% |        4269     43.27%     72.79% |        2685     27.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         9867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3885511      1.13%      1.13% |   339301369     98.40%     99.53% |      645428      0.19%     99.72% |      974747      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    344807055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2631160      1.50%      1.50% |   171165812     97.46%     98.96% |      709398      0.40%     99.36% |     1121977      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    175628347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         235     30.84%     30.84% |         127     16.67%     47.51% |         278     36.48%     83.99% |         122     16.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       27659      2.21%      2.21% |     1184474     94.71%     96.92% |        9744      0.78%     97.70% |       28754      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1250631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1717     26.79%     26.79% |        2186     34.11%     60.90% |        1284     20.03%     80.93% |        1222     19.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         6409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        7668     44.94%     44.94% |        2903     17.01%     61.96% |        3242     19.00%     80.96% |        3249     19.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        17062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       29665      2.80%      2.80% |      983366     92.93%     95.73% |       12653      1.20%     96.92% |       32549      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1058233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5890     21.87%     21.87% |        7552     28.04%     49.92% |        5808     21.57%     71.48% |        7679     28.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        26929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       92585      4.94%      4.94% |     1657535     88.40%     93.34% |       47003      2.51%     95.85% |       77867      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1874990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         931     20.67%     20.67% |         857     19.02%     39.69% |        1673     37.14%     76.83% |        1044     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       19833      2.05%      2.05% |      923748     95.34%     97.39% |        7638      0.79%     98.18% |       17646      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       968865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       21238     47.01%     47.01% |        9242     20.46%     67.47% |        6369     14.10%     81.57% |        8328     18.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        45177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9673     38.71%     38.71% |        4977     19.92%     58.63% |        4761     19.05%     77.69% |        5575     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        24986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       46758      2.32%      2.32% |     1905610     94.51%     96.83% |       16259      0.81%     97.64% |       47585      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2016212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      1374382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1586448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         973373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        20482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2016212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        21038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        14907      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         54124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          36844      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          17824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               8781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          26929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2052084      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         8146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        21730      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        24248      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      1366223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       500588      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        20481      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          379      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         6625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1036513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       936841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        20214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         7624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        26929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         7776      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2016212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        36844      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           8147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         6625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            634      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        21720      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         8156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        24248      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        24986      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2027098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        17054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9863      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        26917      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
