
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.486579                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1486578776000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53679614729501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 137115                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   183621                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              375861212                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2289884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3955.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   542306967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     726245491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    152032320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         152032320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    152031808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      152031808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2375505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2375505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2375497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2375497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102269939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            102269939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102269594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           102269594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    204539533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           204539533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2375505                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2375497                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2375505                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2375497                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             124157184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               27875136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              148045120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              152032320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           152031808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                435549                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                62294                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           121083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           129279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            97788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           104407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           112463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           129624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            87972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            88669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           159224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           126893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          153061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          144896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          124378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          124035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           87497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          148687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           144541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           152077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           120972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           125048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           135819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           155373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           110401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           108924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           184242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           151725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          176466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          165587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          144595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          150089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          108460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          178886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1486578726500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2375505                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2375497                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1938101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 24185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 24576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                139595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                141586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                141565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                141622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                141617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                141808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                141793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                141788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                142569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                141632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                141490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                141484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                141469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                141478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                141430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                141403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1769280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   153.849195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.147868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.514185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       910491     51.46%     51.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       570258     32.23%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       135995      7.69%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        56171      3.17%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        37384      2.11%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18840      1.06%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12049      0.68%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10703      0.60%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17389      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1769280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       141402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.719452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.082200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           4094      2.90%      2.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           3885      2.75%      5.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           2801      1.98%      7.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3692      2.61%     10.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3616      2.56%     12.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4810      3.40%     16.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        12601      8.91%     25.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        41684     29.48%     54.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        61869     43.75%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1230      0.87%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          375      0.27%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          165      0.12%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          120      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           97      0.07%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           92      0.07%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          102      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           61      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           47      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           26      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           12      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       141402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       141402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.359068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.340963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.791555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          116820     82.62%     82.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             199      0.14%     82.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           22600     15.98%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1760      1.24%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              22      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       141402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 35375657738                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            71749832738                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9699780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18235.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36985.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       83.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       99.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   102.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   102.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1038903                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1444979                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                53.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    312897.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              6167591640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3365253375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             6859881600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6877327680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        482266415385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        474360570000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1077586838640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           720.471559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 783921954752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 653019862248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7307957160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3987476625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             8400748200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            8221169520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        516076171155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        444702889500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1086386211120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           726.354795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 734653542500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 702288657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    150763008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         150763008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    150762112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      150762112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2355672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2355672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2355658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2355658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    101416091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            101416091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    101415488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           101415488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    202831579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           202831579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2355672                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2355658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2355672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2355658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             122403520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               28359488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              147022400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              150763008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           150762112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                443117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                58430                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           120444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           126202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            92530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           104337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           113999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           127726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            88531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            88867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           155901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           126783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          152622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          145260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          123033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          118849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           88717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          138754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           146432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           147639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           114478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           125354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           136702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           156057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           109948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           110966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           183176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           150571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          176554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          167977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          144901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          142088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          112280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          172102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1486579412500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2355672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2355658                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1910964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 24584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 24982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                138415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                140512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                140501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                140583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                140558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                140849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                140773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                140743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                141664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                140550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                140425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                140442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                140400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                140406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                140374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                140350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1735915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   155.207194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.887509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.307481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       886454     51.07%     51.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       562230     32.39%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       136429      7.86%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        55007      3.17%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        36257      2.09%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18642      1.07%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11893      0.69%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10913      0.63%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18090      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1735915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       140350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.627011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.127564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           4181      2.98%      2.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           4266      3.04%      6.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           2944      2.10%      8.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3746      2.67%     10.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3703      2.64%     13.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4623      3.29%     16.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        13140      9.36%     26.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        41438     29.52%     55.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        59935     42.70%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1239      0.88%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          401      0.29%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          198      0.14%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          139      0.10%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          126      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           94      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           73      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           39      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           33      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           15      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       140350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       140350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.367830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.349327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.800224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          115415     82.23%     82.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             152      0.11%     82.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           22898     16.31%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1863      1.33%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              22      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       140350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 34714607491                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            70575013741                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9562775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18150.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36900.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       82.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   101.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   101.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1026467                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1447407                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                53.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               63.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    315532.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              6051182760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3301736625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             6793402200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6842886480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        478336707135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        477807682500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1076823396660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           719.961124                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 789746993000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 647193343000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7171325280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3912925500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             8254045800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            8152565760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        515087114850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        445570482750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1085838258900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           725.988436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 735970429500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 700973290000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    150324800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         150324800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    150322688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      150322688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2348825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            2348825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2348792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           2348792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    101121315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            101121315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    101119894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           101119894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    202241208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           202241208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    2348825                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   2348792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  2348825                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 2348792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             122565376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               27759424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              146359040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              150324800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           150322688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                433741                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                61933                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           119723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           127129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            92355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           103929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           116519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           130503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            87683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            91744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           156266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           124915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          152752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          147355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          122785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          113383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           87503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          140540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           143270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           149396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           113689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           123912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           138964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           156279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           110197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           111915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           182793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           148546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          173794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          168687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          143780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          137567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          112216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          171855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1486578713000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              2348825                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             2348792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1913133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 23872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 24302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                137942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                139976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                139950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                139998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                140031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                140258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                140161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                140164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                141010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                140032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                139855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                139878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                139844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                139864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                139821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                139791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1780659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.025722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.116476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.732872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       942449     52.93%     52.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       559148     31.40%     84.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       132749      7.46%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        54196      3.04%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        33766      1.90%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17652      0.99%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11454      0.64%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10672      0.60%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18573      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1780659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       139791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.699630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.055318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           3759      2.69%      2.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           4119      2.95%      5.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           3189      2.28%      7.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3185      2.28%     10.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3781      2.70%     12.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4763      3.41%     16.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        12620      9.03%     25.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        41009     29.34%     54.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        60807     43.50%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1299      0.93%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          535      0.38%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          205      0.15%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          155      0.11%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          109      0.08%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          114      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           54      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           42      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           26      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       139791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       139791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.359136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.341011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.792012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          115501     82.62%     82.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             195      0.14%     82.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           22300     15.95%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1771      1.27%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              24      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       139791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 36101789228                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            72009614228                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                9575420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    18851.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37601.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       82.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   101.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   101.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  998437                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                1422858                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                52.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    316453.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              6300466200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              3437754375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             6847339200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            6842387520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        477630362565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        478427283000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1077175391820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           720.196467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 790676047002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 646267123998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              7261153200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              3961938750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             8219897400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            8085432960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        514629899325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        445971549000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1085819669595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           725.976007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 736669895000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 700271860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    150046464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         150046464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    150044800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      150044800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2344476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2344476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2344450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           2344450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    100934082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            100934082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    100932963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           100932963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    201867045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           201867045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    2344476                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   2344450                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  2344476                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 2344450                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             121954304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               28092160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              146095040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              150046464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           150044800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                438940                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                61710                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           121212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           121034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            93908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           103619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           114504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           129485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            87820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            89146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           160584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           124290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          151138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          143233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          122719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          115286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           86939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          140619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           144635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           142807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           116534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           125920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           140133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           154219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           110498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           110485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           183328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           146439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          173971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          164763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          145383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          141257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          110705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          171658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1486578726500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              2344476                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             2344450                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1903414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 23770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 24219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                137621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                139744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                139708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                139751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                139743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                140019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                139971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                139919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                140795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                139744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                139627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                139650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                139607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                139633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                139576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                139541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1775482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.972754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.011241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.969207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       936881     52.77%     52.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       562195     31.66%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       126968      7.15%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        55222      3.11%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35398      1.99%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18390      1.04%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11831      0.67%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10687      0.60%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17910      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1775482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       139540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.655826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.153470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           4258      3.05%      3.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           4321      3.10%      6.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           3257      2.33%      8.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3170      2.27%     10.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3397      2.43%     13.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4275      3.06%     16.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        13121      9.40%     25.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        40465     29.00%     54.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        60919     43.66%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1157      0.83%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          408      0.29%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          213      0.15%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          141      0.10%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          108      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          107      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           91      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           46      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           37      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           21      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           14      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       139540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       139540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.359001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.340868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.792222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          115307     82.63%     82.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             227      0.16%     82.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           22165     15.88%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1826      1.31%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       139540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 37035866474                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            72764666474                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                9527680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    19435.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38185.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       82.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   100.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   100.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  984971                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                1427818                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                51.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    317040.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   57.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              6245210160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              3407604750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             6776265600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            6825034080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        477948974895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        478147798500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1077040686945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           720.106404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 789921198501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 647020825499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              7272674640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              3968225250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             8214289200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            8073218160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         97689798960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        513133771590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        447283941750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1085635919550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           725.853152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 738764211001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  49640240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 698177763499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2975503532                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1313948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2851046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2789045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      85458                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       186107                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2789045                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5682669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2306366                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1540353                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             843798                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       675840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     416683                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    259157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2964283876.072544                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11219655.927456                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003771                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996229                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           297738                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                47381      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2106983     73.90%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4980      0.17%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    15854      0.56%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  416683     14.61%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 259157      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2851068                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2976360489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533979428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709438590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            509058244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     440809                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31482214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   509058244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070637071                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         340049626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220400024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241432027                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152908470                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94805615                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58102855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              14085579.847662                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2962274909.152338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.995268                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.004732                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33904110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               956552      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444260550     62.62%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   26418      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145171      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94805615     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58102855      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709446891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2971913172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1096134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2363547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2307336                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      64106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       169758                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2307336                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            4685337                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1915939                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1342928                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             698022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       557326                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     348628                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    208698                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2959703108.517743                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12210063.482258                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004108                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995892                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           254906                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                44306      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1741516     73.68%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4540      0.19%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    15862      0.67%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  348628     14.75%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 208698      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2363550                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2971058892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3101284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6192524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6082528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     159138                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       519178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6082528                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12130514                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4949462                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3881354                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2101003                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1403918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     906578                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    497340                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2948355406.010920                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              22703485.989081                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007642                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992358                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           708881                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                46206      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4720307     76.22%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    5480      0.09%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    15328      0.25%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  906578     14.64%     91.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 497340      8.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6192615                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2455                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              788499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1018191                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              903500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              923498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              588000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              577500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               19393843                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001184                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.101669                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    19390550     99.98%     99.98% |         338      0.00%     99.98% |         406      0.00%     99.99% |        1042      0.01%     99.99% |        1218      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |         130      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 19393843                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    937959030                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000507                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   937958789    100.00%    100.00% |         241      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    937959030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      937959030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.203449                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.048790                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        14.404619                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   937398049     99.94%     99.94% |      476086      0.05%     99.99% |       79918      0.01%    100.00% |        3740      0.00%    100.00% |        1222      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        937959030                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    928262069                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   928262069    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    928262069                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9696961                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.406141                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.262617                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.608231                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     9135980     94.21%     94.21% |      476086      4.91%     99.12% |       79918      0.82%     99.95% |        3740      0.04%     99.99% |        1222      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9696961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       272483                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      9424478                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      2310286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       105299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2415585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    918725086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9345344                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    928070430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      1911806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       100140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2011946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5314891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       146178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5461069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.017687                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       105299                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        18195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       192149                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       105045                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2       842392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      1310040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13834728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       840360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.571581                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      9345344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      9328388                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9361845                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9344889                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     74762752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    671643936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    674052840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     74759112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.016864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       100140                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        14215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       186337                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       100412                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2       801120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      1023480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13416264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       803296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.024613                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       146178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        63601                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       229113                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       146536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      1169424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      4579272                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16496136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.400600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      2441458                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      2375497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2375505                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2441450                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     19531664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    171035784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    171036360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19531600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.397328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      2425376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      2355658                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2355672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2425362                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     19403008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    169607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    169608384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19402896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.396071                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      2412336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      2348793                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2348825                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2412304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     19298688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    169113096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    169115400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19298432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.395505                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      2417791                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      2344451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2344476                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2417766                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     19342328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    168800472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    168802272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19342128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.322025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      9696961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      9424399                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9696961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9696882                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     77575688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    678556728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    698181192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     77575056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        29090883                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           28273197                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     29090883                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     29090646                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        232727064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2035670184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2094543576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    232725168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       105299                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       105045                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7581528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       840360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017670                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       105299                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        18195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        86850                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       842392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1310040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6253200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.571612                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9345344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9344889                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    672864768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     74759112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.571551                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9345344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9328388                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16501                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     74762752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    671643936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1188072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016845                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       100140                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       100412                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7210080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       803296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       100140                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        14215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        86197                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       801120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1023480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6206184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024589                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       146178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       146536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10524816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024637                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       146178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        63601                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        82935                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1169424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4579272                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5971320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.400600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2441458                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2375497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19531664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    171035784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.400601                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2375505                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2441450                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    171036360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19531600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.397327                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2425376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2355658                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19403008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    169607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.397329                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2355672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2425362                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    169608384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19402896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.396068                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2412336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2348793                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19298688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    169113096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.396073                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2348825                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2412304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    169115400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19298432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.395503                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2417791                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2344451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19342328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    168800472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.395506                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2344476                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2417766                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    168802272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19342128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       105299                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       105045                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7581528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       840360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     1.571612                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9345344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9344889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    672864768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     74759112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       100140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       100412                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7210080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       803296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.024589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       146178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       146536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10524816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.400600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      2441458                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      2375497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     19531664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    171035784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.397327                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      2425376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      2355658                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     19403008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    169607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.396068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      2412336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      2348793                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     19298688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    169113096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.395503                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      2417791                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      2344451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     19342328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    168800472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       9696961                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000195                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.036900                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     9696671    100.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         9696961                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       9696882                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002173                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.138959                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     9693879     99.97%     99.97% |         321      0.00%     99.97% |         385      0.00%     99.98% |         918      0.01%     99.99% |        1094      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |         130      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         9696882                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    109085003                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.944138                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.276320                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.281447                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108763110     99.70%     99.70% |      272175      0.25%     99.95% |       46933      0.04%    100.00% |        2059      0.00%    100.00% |         721      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     109085003                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103234847                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103234847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    103234847                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5850156                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.837434                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    94.575451                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.363678                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5528263     94.50%     94.50% |      272175      4.65%     99.15% |       46933      0.80%     99.95% |        2059      0.04%     99.99% |         721      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5850156                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58921751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.339735                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.306832                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     35.714613                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58699546     99.62%     99.62% |      189914      0.32%     99.95% |       30251      0.05%    100.00% |        1552      0.00%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58921751                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55607800                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55607800    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55607800                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3313951                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.499837                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.513183                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.280383                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3091746     93.29%     93.29% |      189914      5.73%     99.03% |       30251      0.91%     99.94% |        1552      0.05%     99.99% |         481      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3313951                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    769446516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.057784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.890732                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   769431322    100.00%    100.00% |       12544      0.00%    100.00% |        2510      0.00%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    769446516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768940035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768940035    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768940035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       506481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    88.785285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    73.135121                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.666647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      491287     97.00%     97.00% |       12544      2.48%     99.48% |        2510      0.50%     99.97% |         119      0.02%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       506481                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       232970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.082659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.303467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.032641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      230060     98.75%     98.75% |        2044      0.88%     99.63% |         566      0.24%     99.87% |         170      0.07%     99.94% |          97      0.04%     99.99% |          26      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       232970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       219793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      219793    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       219793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.221750                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.386612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.098271                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10267     77.92%     77.92% |        2044     15.51%     93.43% |         566      4.30%     97.72% |         170      1.29%     99.01% |          97      0.74%     99.75% |          26      0.20%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           5      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13177                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       136395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.107768                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.591629                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.668935                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      132420     97.09%     97.09% |        3152      2.31%     99.40% |         526      0.39%     99.78% |         191      0.14%     99.92% |          81      0.06%     99.98% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       136395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       123199                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       123199                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13196                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.483025                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.970570                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.022093                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9221     69.88%     69.88% |        3152     23.89%     93.76% |         526      3.99%     97.75% |         191      1.45%     99.20% |          81      0.61%     99.81% |          20      0.15%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13196                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       136395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      136395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       136395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       136395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      136395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       136395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       272483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.060283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.027196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.770581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      200718     73.66%     73.66% |       71764     26.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       272483                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9424478                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.468911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.545116                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.859272                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     8863497     94.05%     94.05% |      476086      5.05%     99.10% |       79918      0.85%     99.95% |        3740      0.04%     99.99% |        1222      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9424478                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        46786                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.144680                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.109984                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.811743                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       33483     71.57%     71.57% |       13303     28.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        46786                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5803370                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.367041                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    95.124763                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.475885                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5481477     94.45%     94.45% |      272175      4.69%     99.14% |       46933      0.81%     99.95% |        2059      0.04%     99.99% |         721      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5803370                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          951                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.359621                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.317622                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.986536                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         393     41.32%     41.32% |         558     58.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          951                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3313000                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.523990                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.543325                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.279537                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3090795     93.29%     93.29% |      189914      5.73%     99.03% |       30251      0.91%     99.94% |        1552      0.05%     99.99% |         481      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3313000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       222996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.043319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.010575                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.761699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      165204     74.08%     74.08% |       57791     25.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       222996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       283485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.407126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.304857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.699863                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      268291     94.64%     94.64% |       12544      4.42%     99.07% |        2510      0.89%     99.95% |         119      0.04%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       283485                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.110442                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.105760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.669733                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         485     97.39%     97.39% |          13      2.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.407603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.183844                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.114205                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9769     77.05%     77.05% |        2044     16.12%     93.17% |         566      4.46%     97.63% |         170      1.34%     98.97% |          97      0.77%     99.74% |          26      0.21%     99.94% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           5      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1252                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.318690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.306460                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.078769                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1153     92.09%     92.09% |          99      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1252                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.039099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   135.312738                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.777069                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        7969     66.72%     66.72% |        3152     26.39%     93.11% |         526      4.40%     97.51% |         191      1.60%     99.11% |          81      0.68%     99.79% |          20      0.17%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11944                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     2441463     25.18%     25.18% |     2425376     25.01%     50.19% |     2412336     24.88%     75.07% |     2417792     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      9696967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     2375497     25.21%     25.21% |     2355658     25.00%     50.20% |     2348792     24.92%     75.12% |     2344450     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      9424397                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2375505     25.21%     25.21% |     2355672     25.00%     50.20% |     2348825     24.92%     75.12% |     2344476     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      9424478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2375497     25.21%     25.21% |     2355658     25.00%     50.20% |     2348792     24.92%     75.12% |     2344450     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      9424397                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     2375505     25.21%     25.21% |     2355672     25.00%     50.20% |     2348825     24.92%     75.12% |     2344476     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      9424478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       65953     24.20%     24.20% |       69704     25.58%     49.79% |       63511     23.31%     73.09% |       73315     26.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       272483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     2375497     25.21%     25.21% |     2355658     25.00%     50.20% |     2348792     24.92%     75.12% |     2344450     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      9424397                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2375505     25.21%     25.21% |     2355672     25.00%     50.20% |     2348825     24.92%     75.12% |     2344476     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      9424478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     2375497     25.21%     25.21% |     2355658     25.00%     50.20% |     2348792     24.92%     75.12% |     2344450     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      9424397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      382726      0.35%      0.35% |   107548607     98.59%     98.94% |      323833      0.30%     99.24% |      829837      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    109085003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1740562      0.23%      0.23% |   762195954     99.06%     99.28% |     1454831      0.19%     99.47% |     4055169      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    769446516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      292297      0.49%      0.49% |    58325869     98.15%     98.64% |      233282      0.39%     99.03% |      576063      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59427511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      105299      1.09%      1.09% |     9345344     96.37%     97.46% |      100140      1.03%     98.49% |      146178      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      9696961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       86850     31.87%     31.87% |       16501      6.06%     37.93% |       86197     31.63%     69.56% |       82935     30.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       272483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       28964      0.31%      0.31% |     9343549     98.70%     99.01% |       22599      0.24%     99.25% |       71253      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      9466365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       18194      0.19%      0.19% |     9328387     98.98%     99.17% |       14215      0.15%     99.33% |       63601      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      9424397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       21808      0.37%      0.37% |     5752795     98.34%     98.71% |       21664      0.37%     99.08% |       53889      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5850156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       79894     15.77%     15.77% |      268626     53.04%     68.81% |       76830     15.17%     83.98% |       81131     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       506481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3597      0.11%      0.11% |     3323923     99.51%     99.62% |        1646      0.05%     99.67% |       11158      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3340324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       10769     25.66%     25.66% |       15161     36.13%     61.79% |        8384     19.98%     81.77% |        7652     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        41966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      360918      0.35%      0.35% |   101795812     98.61%     98.96% |      302169      0.29%     99.25% |      775948      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    103234847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     1660668      0.22%      0.22% |   761927328     99.09%     99.30% |     1378001      0.18%     99.48% |     3974038      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    768940035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      288700      0.51%      0.51% |    55001946     98.07%     98.58% |      231636      0.41%     98.99% |      564905      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     56087187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       86849     31.87%     31.87% |       16500      6.06%     37.93% |       86197     31.63%     69.56% |       82935     30.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       272481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       18195      0.19%      0.19% |     9328388     98.98%     99.17% |       14215      0.15%     99.33% |       63601      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      9424399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       18194      0.19%      0.19% |     9328387     98.98%     99.17% |       14215      0.15%     99.33% |       63601      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      9424397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      101702      1.60%      1.60% |     6021421     94.73%     96.33% |       98494      1.55%     97.88% |      135020      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6356637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3597      0.11%      0.11% |     3323923     99.51%     99.62% |        1646      0.05%     99.67% |       11158      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      3340324                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.520633                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1520633212500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53713669166001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136835                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184829                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              373961733                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2535644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4066.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   556408269                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     751565898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    155519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         155519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    155521728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      155521728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2429991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2429991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2430027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2430027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102272805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            102272805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102274320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           102274320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    204547125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           204547125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2429991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2430027                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2429991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2430027                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             127306688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               28212736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              151434496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              155519424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           155521728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                440824                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                63877                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           124169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           131807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           100035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           106560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           115406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           132710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            90505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            91689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           163936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           130462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          156568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          148147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          127846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          128047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           90027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          151253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           147936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           154903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           123389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           127282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           139017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           158713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           113108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           112187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           189549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           155434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          180184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          169007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          148205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          154534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          111112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          181604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1520632789000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2429991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2430027                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1986120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 24582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 24988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                142682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                144852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                144836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                144895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                144896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                145091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                145076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                145067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                145849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                144902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                144756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                144746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                144732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                144736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                144687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                144660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1824451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.781066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.558686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.238787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       945903     51.85%     51.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       584315     32.03%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       139224      7.63%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        57535      3.15%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        37935      2.08%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19099      1.05%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12179      0.67%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10792      0.59%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17469      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1824451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       144659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.750814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.067371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           4094      2.83%      2.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           3886      2.69%      5.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           2807      1.94%      7.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3730      2.58%     10.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3681      2.54%     12.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4977      3.44%     16.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        13028      9.01%     25.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        42658     29.49%     54.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        63122     43.64%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1402      0.97%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          449      0.31%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          198      0.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          137      0.09%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          109      0.08%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           97      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          106      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           63      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           50      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           27      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           12      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       144659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       144659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.356839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.789698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          119671     82.73%     82.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             199      0.14%     82.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           22974     15.88%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1789      1.24%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       144659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 36320477454                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73617358704                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9945835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18259.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37009.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       83.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       99.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   102.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   102.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1060262                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1470622                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                53.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    312886.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              6358640400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3469496250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7028353800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            7028830080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        496299051585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        482485474500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1102584087015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           720.772337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 797350056254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 672510279246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7534001160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              4110814125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             8616168600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            8412841440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        532068850395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        451108458000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1111765374120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           726.774253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745212424500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 724648542500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    154094848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         154094848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    154097664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      154097664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2407732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2407732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2407776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2407776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    101335974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            101335974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    101337826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           101337826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    202673800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           202673800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2407732                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2407776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2407732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2407776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             125498432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               28596416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              150314240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              154094848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           154097664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                446819                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                59103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           123283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           128661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            94659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           106494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           117013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           130911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            90998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            91872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           160615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           130318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          155987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          148420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          126578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          122917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           91198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          140989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           149489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           150342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           116714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           127617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           139943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           159556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           112479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           114100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           188312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           154246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          180228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          171285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          148591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          146426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          114916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          174416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1520631981500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2407732                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2407776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1958235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 24986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 25401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                141469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                143684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                143681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                143755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                143731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                144025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                143953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                143920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                144843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                143719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                143591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                143613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                143563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                143569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                143536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                143511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1788598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.206466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.331836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.096125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       919970     51.44%     51.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       575486     32.18%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       139762      7.81%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        56441      3.16%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        36805      2.06%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18912      1.06%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12056      0.67%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10986      0.61%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18180      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1788598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       143511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.663789                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.116313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           4182      2.91%      2.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           4268      2.97%      5.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           2953      2.06%      7.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3781      2.63%     10.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3773      2.63%     13.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4762      3.32%     16.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        13526      9.43%     25.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        42307     29.48%     55.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        61216     42.66%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1413      0.98%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          497      0.35%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          244      0.17%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          162      0.11%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          135      0.09%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          101      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           78      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           42      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           33      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           17      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       143511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       143511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.365714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.347288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.798585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          118164     82.34%     82.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             156      0.11%     82.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           23272     16.22%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1895      1.32%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              23      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       143511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 35636663466                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            72403782216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9804565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18173.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36923.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       82.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   101.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   101.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1047925                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1473060                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                53.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    315778.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              6232275000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3400546875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             6959191200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6989749200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        492118575255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        486152559000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1101767136930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           720.238287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 803544670250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 666315483250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7388516520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4031432625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             8465464800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            8339001840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        531000893835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        452045262000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1111184812020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           726.394733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 746644342750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 723217151750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    153658240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         153658240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    153658944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      153658944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2400910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            2400910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2400921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           2400921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    101048852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            101048852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    101049315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           101049315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    202098166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           202098166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    2400910                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   2400921                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  2400910                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 2400921                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             125672384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               27985856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              149650880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              153658240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           153658944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                437279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                62626                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           122611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           129493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            94451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           106148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           119582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           133680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            90032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            94830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           160894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           128344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          156202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          150554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          126497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          117343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           90020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          142950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           146338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           151947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           115895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           126223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           142272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           159814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           112575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           115170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           187917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           152123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          177388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          172030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          147620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          141802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          114838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          174343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1520633323000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              2400910                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             2400921                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1960520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 24242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 24684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                140964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                143150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                143135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                143181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                143208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                143446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                143344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                143355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                144188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                143210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                143031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                143053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                143017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                143031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                142987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                142957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1834136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.111198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.632458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.538938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       976728     53.25%     53.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       572570     31.22%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       136066      7.42%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        55550      3.03%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        34289      1.87%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17917      0.98%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11600      0.63%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10751      0.59%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18665      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1834136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       142957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.735816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.043540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           3759      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           4120      2.88%      5.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           3208      2.24%      7.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3206      2.24%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3838      2.68%     12.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4897      3.43%     16.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        12969      9.07%     25.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        41919     29.32%     54.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        62124     43.46%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1474      1.03%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          621      0.43%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          251      0.18%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          173      0.12%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          121      0.08%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          121      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           60      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           43      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           28      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       142957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       142957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.356632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.789743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          118287     82.74%     82.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             200      0.14%     82.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           22651     15.84%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1795      1.26%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              24      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       142957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 37035437445                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            73853518695                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                9818155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    18860.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37610.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       82.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   101.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   101.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                 1019733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                1448070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                51.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    316677.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              6483902040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              3537843375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             7013034600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            6988913280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        491465865690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        486725111250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1102128910635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           720.474782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 804393314255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 665468001245                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              7482003480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              4082442375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             8432892000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            8272206000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        530571095595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        452422278000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1111177157850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           726.389729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 747305485751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 722556086749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    153300224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         153300224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    153301184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      153301184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2395316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2395316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2395331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           2395331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    100813413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            100813413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    100814044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           100814044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    201627457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           201627457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    2395316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   2395331                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  2395316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 2395331                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             124985920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               28314304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              149298752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              153300224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           153301184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                442411                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                62531                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           124037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           123371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            96013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           105719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           117250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           132549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            90066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            92071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           165209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           127806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          154612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          146273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          126092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          119277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           89422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          143138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           147676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           145319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           118766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           128125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           143075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           157534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           112785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           113581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           188300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           150058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          177624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          167998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          148863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          145482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          113293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          174314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1520633283000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              2395316                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             2395331                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1949741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 24136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 24593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                140569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                142835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                142807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                142856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                142840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                143111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                143072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                143021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                143885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                142833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                142716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                142736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                142693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                142715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                142656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                142621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1827044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.125041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.561900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.850672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       969858     53.08%     53.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       575067     31.48%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       130181      7.13%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        56576      3.10%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35934      1.97%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18669      1.02%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11992      0.66%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10760      0.59%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18007      0.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1827044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       142620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.693016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.144172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1           4259      2.99%      2.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2-3           4325      3.03%      6.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           3276      2.30%      8.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           3196      2.24%     10.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3462      2.43%     12.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4384      3.07%     16.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        13479      9.45%     25.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        41288     28.95%     54.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        62249     43.65%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1322      0.93%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          484      0.34%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          260      0.18%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          160      0.11%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          120      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          117      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           95      0.07%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           49      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           40      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           21      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       142620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       142620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.356703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.790284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          118014     82.75%     82.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             229      0.16%     82.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           22503     15.78%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1858      1.30%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              16      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       142620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 37936754692                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            74553723442                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                9764525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    19425.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38175.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       82.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   100.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   100.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                 1005946                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                1452712                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                51.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    317417.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   57.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              6417442080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              3501580500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             6934995600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            6965196480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        491796561735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        486435027000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1101965043795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           720.367661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 803620092501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 666240381999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              7490251440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              4086942750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             8425076400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            8257431600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         99914240400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        529063516845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        453744715500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1110982174935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           726.262267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 749415441501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  50777220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 720445702499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3039317447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1879632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3930547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3842035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     113406                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       258160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3842035                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            7868277                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3146069                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2049348                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1168606                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       951582                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     583670                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    367912                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3022963522.038801                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              16353924.961199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           408935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                55669      1.42%      1.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2895712     73.67%     75.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5772      0.15%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    16214      0.41%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.15%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  583670     14.85%     90.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 367912      9.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3930691                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3043382205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  537146814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    715399944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            514950541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331117631                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     556746                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31951884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   514950541                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331117631                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1082297221                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         344765139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564041291                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276708793                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           223546288                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          243527636                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    154219254                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95572697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58646557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              60329465.456508                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2983052739.543492                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.980177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.019823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34561686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               978250      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                448869816     62.74%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   30024      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   149169      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111161990     15.54%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95572697     13.36%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58646557      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 715408583                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3041443015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3122618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6167364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6047500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21165                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     143431                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       455136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6047500                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        21165                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12357295                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4854905                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               33759                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16435                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3294087                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1790694                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1513753                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     898235                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    615518                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3015268863.297908                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              26174151.702092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.008606                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.991394                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           659933                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                63047      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4551963     73.81%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    6202      0.10%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    16777      0.27%     75.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15718      0.25%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  898235     14.56%     90.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 615518      9.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6167476                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3041266425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11443032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20668259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             20443436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5724                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     423664                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1503801                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    20443436                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5724                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           40917416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16849665                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                9426                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               4501                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            12039504                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8242749                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4442392                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2782520                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1659872                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2978512323.002041                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              62754101.997959                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.020634                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.979366                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2047989                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                74092      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 16098758     77.89%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   31969      0.15%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    17071      0.08%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4291      0.02%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2782520     13.46%     91.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1659872      8.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20668573                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4240                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4240                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3815                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3815                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4567                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3822                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1005                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2028982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             5984500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1180997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1448180                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1334492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1329992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              484998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3613500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             4572500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2958500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               39398888                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002325                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.138919                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    39386759     99.97%     99.97% |        6072      0.02%     99.98% |        5176      0.01%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |         672      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 39398888                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1900121092                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000791                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1900119902    100.00%    100.00% |        1190      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1900121092                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1900121092                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.204670                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.048907                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        14.402314                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1898984987     99.94%     99.94% |      964266      0.05%     99.99% |      161777      0.01%    100.00% |        7581      0.00%    100.00% |        2451      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1900121092                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1880421601                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1880421601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1880421601                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19699491                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.196870                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.047677                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.521011                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    18563386     94.23%     94.23% |      964266      4.89%     99.13% |      161777      0.82%     99.95% |        7581      0.04%     99.99% |        2451      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19699491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       641064                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     19058427                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3287955                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       142053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3430008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    924131754                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9436437                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    933568191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5546378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       169083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5715461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     19193445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       254957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     19448402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.023355                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       142053                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        33862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250252                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       142061                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      1136424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      2438064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18018144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1136488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.551384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      9436437                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      9404131                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9468555                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9436251                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     75491496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    677097432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    681735960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     75490008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.027811                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       169083                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        51616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       286712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169245                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      1352664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      3716352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20643264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1353960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.041916                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       254957                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2       144323                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       365592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       254958                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      2039656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2     10391256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26322624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2039664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.400938                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      2517217                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      2429995                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2429991                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2517223                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     20137736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    174959640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    174959352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20137784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.397342                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      2498781                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      2407745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2407732                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2498794                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     19990248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    173357640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    173356704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19990352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.396306                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      2497306                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      2400892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2400910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2497288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     19978448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    172864224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    172865520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19978304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.395346                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      2489226                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      2395300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2395316                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2489210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     19913808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    172461600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    172462752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19913680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.323440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     10002530                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      9633932                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10002530                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10002515                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     80020240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    693643104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    720182160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     80020120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        30007590                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           28901796                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     30007596                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     30008319                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        240060720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2080929312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2160546912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    240066552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023354                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       142053                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       142061                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10227816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1136488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023355                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       142053                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        33862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       108199                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1136424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2438064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7790328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.551396                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9436437                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9436251                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    679423464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     75490008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.551371                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9436437                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9404131                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     75491496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    677097432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2312496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169083                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169245                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12173976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1353960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027822                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       169083                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        51616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       117629                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1352664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3716352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8469288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.041916                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       254957                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       254958                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18356904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2039664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.041916                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       254957                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       144323                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       110635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2039656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     10391256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7965720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.400938                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2517217                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2429995                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     20137736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    174959640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.400938                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2429991                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2517223                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    174959352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20137784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.397343                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2498781                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2407745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19990248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    173357640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.397341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2407732                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2498794                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    173356704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19990352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.396305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2497306                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2400892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19978448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    172864224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.396307                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2400910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2497288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    172865520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19978304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.395344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2489226                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2395300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     19913808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    172461600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.395347                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2395316                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2489210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    172462752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     19913680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023354                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       142053                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       142061                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10227816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1136488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     1.551396                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9436437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9436251                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    679423464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     75490008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.027801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169245                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12173976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1353960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.041916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       254957                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       254958                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18356904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2039664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.400938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      2517217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      2429995                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     20137736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    174959640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.397343                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      2498781                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      2407745                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     19990248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    173357640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.396305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      2497306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      2400892                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     19978448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    172864224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.395344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      2489226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      2395300                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     19913808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    172461600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      19699491                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000313                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.045560                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    19698449     99.99%     99.99% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |         386      0.00%    100.00% |         356      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        19699491                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      19699397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.004337                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.191085                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    19688177     99.94%     99.94% |        5531      0.03%     99.97% |        4808      0.02%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |         672      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        19699397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    221294922                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.922814                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.275051                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.226332                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220644139     99.71%     99.71% |      550355      0.25%     99.95% |       94802      0.04%    100.00% |        4170      0.00%    100.00% |        1446      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     221294922                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209477704                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209477704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209477704                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11817218                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.913471                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    94.658055                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.332726                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11166435     94.49%     94.49% |      550355      4.66%     99.15% |       94802      0.80%     99.95% |        4170      0.04%     99.99% |        1446      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11817218                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    120002212                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.254034                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.302821                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     35.507622                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119554862     99.63%     99.63% |      382354      0.32%     99.95% |       60902      0.05%    100.00% |        3118      0.00%    100.00% |         962      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     120002212                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113330349                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113330349    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113330349                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6671863                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.473325                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.506751                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.241339                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6224513     93.29%     93.29% |      382354      5.73%     99.03% |       60902      0.91%     99.94% |        3118      0.05%     99.99% |         962      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6671863                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1557494613                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.064178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003166                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.033276                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1557460487    100.00%    100.00% |       28254      0.00%    100.00% |        5554      0.00%    100.00% |         273      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1557494613                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1556345670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1556345670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1556345670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1148943                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    87.999666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    72.566353                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.064994                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1114817     97.03%     97.03% |       28254      2.46%     99.49% |        5554      0.48%     99.97% |         273      0.02%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1148943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       661541                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.291158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.221448                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.257477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      655329     99.06%     99.06% |        4412      0.67%     99.73% |        1186      0.18%     99.91% |         348      0.05%     99.96% |         199      0.03%     99.99% |          53      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       661541                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       633194                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      633194    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       633194                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.481074                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.517111                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.289658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22135     78.09%     78.09% |        4412     15.56%     93.65% |        1186      4.18%     97.83% |         348      1.23%     99.06% |         199      0.70%     99.76% |          53      0.19%     99.95% |           4      0.01%     99.96% |          10      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28347                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       333902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.094887                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.605056                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.399397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      324880     97.30%     97.30% |        6976      2.09%     99.39% |        1339      0.40%     99.79% |         430      0.13%     99.92% |         215      0.06%     99.98% |          52      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       333902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       300782                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      300782    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       300782                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.017180                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.941698                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.491999                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       24098     72.76%     72.76% |        6976     21.06%     93.82% |        1339      4.04%     97.87% |         430      1.30%     99.16% |         215      0.65%     99.81% |          52      0.16%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       333902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      333902    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       333902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       333902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      333902    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       333902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       641064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.044986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.008171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.069487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      641028     99.99%     99.99% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       641064                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19058427                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.590190                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.696375                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.811081                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    17922329     94.04%     94.04% |      964260      5.06%     99.10% |      161776      0.85%     99.95% |        7581      0.04%     99.99% |        2451      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     19058427                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       111242                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.157405                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.109908                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.669677                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      111212     99.97%     99.97% |           9      0.01%     99.98% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       111242                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11705976                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.538352                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    95.307257                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.463654                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    11055199     94.44%     94.44% |      550349      4.70%     99.14% |       94802      0.81%     99.95% |        4170      0.04%     99.99% |        1446      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     11705976                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2914                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.677076                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.637458                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.930755                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         981     33.67%     33.67% |        1931     66.27%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2914                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6668949                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.509940                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.552288                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.240187                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     6221599     93.29%     93.29% |      382354      5.73%     99.03% |       60902      0.91%     99.94% |        3118      0.05%     99.99% |         962      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6668949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       521568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.018109                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.983619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.919250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      521562    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       521568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       627375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.901019                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.035769                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.397148                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      593250     94.56%     94.56% |       28254      4.50%     99.06% |        5553      0.89%     99.95% |         273      0.04%     99.99% |          39      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       627375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.283648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.268990                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.212240                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1501     94.40%     94.40% |          85      5.35%     99.75% |           4      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.187278                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.073344                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.334841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       20545     76.78%     76.78% |        4412     16.49%     93.27% |        1186      4.43%     97.71% |         348      1.30%     99.01% |         199      0.74%     99.75% |          53      0.20%     99.95% |           4      0.01%     99.96% |          10      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        26757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3750                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.502933                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.484098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.339976                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3296     87.89%     87.89% |         454     12.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3750                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29370                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.191113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.199592                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.291179                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       20348     69.28%     69.28% |        6976     23.75%     93.03% |        1339      4.56%     97.59% |         430      1.46%     99.06% |         215      0.73%     99.79% |          52      0.18%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        29370                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     2517313     25.17%     25.17% |     2498839     24.98%     50.15% |     2497397     24.97%     75.11% |     2489327     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     10002876                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     2429995     25.22%     25.22% |     2407744     24.99%     50.22% |     2400889     24.92%     75.14% |     2395299     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      9633927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2429991     25.22%     25.22% |     2407732     24.99%     50.22% |     2400910     24.92%     75.14% |     2395316     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      9633949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2430027     25.22%     25.22% |     2407776     24.99%     50.22% |     2400921     24.92%     75.14% |     2395331     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      9634055                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     2429991     25.22%     25.22% |     2407732     24.99%     50.22% |     2400910     24.92%     75.14% |     2395316     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      9633949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       87226     23.67%     23.67% |       91049     24.70%     48.37% |       96396     26.15%     74.52% |       93910     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       368581                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     2429993     25.22%     25.22% |     2407744     24.99%     50.22% |     2400889     24.92%     75.14% |     2395299     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      9633925                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          94     27.65%     27.65% |          56     16.47%     44.12% |          91     26.76%     70.88% |          99     29.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          340                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2429991     25.22%     25.22% |     2407732     24.99%     50.22% |     2400910     24.92%     75.14% |     2395316     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      9633949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     2429993     25.22%     25.22% |     2407744     24.99%     50.22% |     2400889     24.92%     75.14% |     2395299     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      9633925                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      543552      0.48%      0.48% |   108291471     96.51%     96.99% |      853065      0.76%     97.75% |     2521831      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    112209919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2477621      0.31%      0.31% |   766373234     97.25%     97.56% |     4197044      0.53%     98.10% |    15000198      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    788048097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      408835      0.66%      0.66% |    58903486     95.15%     95.81% |      665352      1.07%     96.89% |     1926373      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61904046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      142053      1.42%      1.42% |     9436437     94.34%     95.76% |      169083      1.69%     97.45% |      254957      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     10002530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      108199     29.36%     29.36% |       32118      8.71%     38.07% |      117629     31.91%     69.98% |      110635     30.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       368581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       47137      0.49%      0.49% |     9422399     97.23%     97.72% |       64888      0.67%     98.39% |      156422      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      9690846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       33860      0.35%      0.35% |     9404130     97.61%     97.97% |       51615      0.54%     98.50% |      144322      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      9633927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       32403      0.54%      0.54% |     5788851     97.01%     97.56% |       41592      0.70%     98.25% |      104216      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5967062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      101445     15.79%     15.79% |      309758     48.21%     64.00% |      114159     17.77%     81.77% |      117100     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       642462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        8205      0.24%      0.24% |     3337828     98.37%     98.62% |       13332      0.39%     99.01% |       33641      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3393006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       13275     23.32%     23.32% |       18270     32.10%     55.42% |       13272     23.32%     78.74% |       12099     21.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        56916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      511149      0.48%      0.48% |   102502620     96.48%     96.96% |      811473      0.76%     97.72% |     2417615      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    106242857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2376176      0.30%      0.30% |   766063476     97.29%     97.59% |     4082885      0.52%     98.11% |    14883098      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    787405635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      400630      0.68%      0.68% |    55565658     94.97%     95.65% |      652020      1.11%     96.77% |     1892732      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     58511040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      108197     29.36%     29.36% |       32117      8.71%     38.07% |      117628     31.91%     69.98% |      110634     30.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       368576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       33862      0.35%      0.35% |     9404129     97.61%     97.97% |       51616      0.54%     98.50% |      144323      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      9633930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       33860      0.35%      0.35% |     9404130     97.61%     97.97% |       51615      0.54%     98.50% |      144322      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      9633927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      133848      2.03%      2.03% |     6098609     92.27%     94.30% |      155751      2.36%     96.65% |      221316      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6609524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        8205      0.24%      0.24% |     3337828     98.37%     98.62% |       13332      0.39%     99.01% |       33641      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      3393006                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
