
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.334234                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2334234149000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55159446320501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128582                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   233074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              228628321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1859456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10209.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312788056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2379620162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19333568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          19333568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9662848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        9662848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       302087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             302087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       150982                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            150982                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8282617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8282617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4139622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4139622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12422240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12422240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     302087                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    150982                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   302087                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  150982                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              19309184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  24384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                9660096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               19333568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             9662848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   42                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            16588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            15430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            18491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            17249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            15421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            17059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            19656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           18373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           23296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           19391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           19339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            10386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             8215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             9064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             8491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             8053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            10411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             8604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             9727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            8798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           10081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            9905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           10082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2334233902000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               302087                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              150982                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 301636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  8323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  8346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  8381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  8392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  8393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  8392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  8394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  8394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  8393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  8389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  8393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  8396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  8393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  8392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  8389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  8389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  8389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       199460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   145.238865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.657841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.533256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       119207     59.76%     59.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54462     27.30%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8243      4.13%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4265      2.14%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3701      1.86%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3558      1.78%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3412      1.71%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1749      0.88%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          863      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       199460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.959113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.015820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          7612     90.74%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          551      6.57%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          139      1.66%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           49      0.58%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           16      0.19%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         8389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.992490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.991539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.180910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              50      0.60%      0.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              12      0.14%      0.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            8282     98.72%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              43      0.51%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         8389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2470863000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             8127850500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1508530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8189.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26939.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     8.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  197615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  55570                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5152049.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               723990960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               395034750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1153651200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             468743760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        190048717710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1240305060750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1586260757130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.436867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2055745037500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 200543683000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               805555800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               439539375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1272414000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             511544160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        207747982080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1224779391750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1588721985165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           677.486419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2030398236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 225896253750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20839104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20839104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13638720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13638720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       325611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             325611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       213105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            213105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8927598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              8927598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5842910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5842910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14770508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            14770508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     325611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    213105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   325611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  213105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20821312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13638976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20839104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            13638720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   278                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            21505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            18536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            17409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            19543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            18759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            17572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            21908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            19220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           21749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           21960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           21093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            13713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            14305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            13615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           13903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           14012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           15070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           13645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2334233951500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               325611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              213105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 325302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 11671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 11746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 11816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 11875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 11858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 11865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 11856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 11857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 11852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 11853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 11856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 11853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 11859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 11851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 11852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 11852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       226165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.367908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.470929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.878349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       141082     62.38%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45603     20.16%     82.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13282      5.87%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8550      3.78%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9531      4.21%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3911      1.73%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2463      1.09%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1046      0.46%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          697      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       226165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.452076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.179103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11702     98.73%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          116      0.98%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           23      0.19%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.980847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.979424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.220204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             108      0.91%      0.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              70      0.59%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           11622     98.06%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              47      0.40%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2579864750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             8679858500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1626665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7929.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26679.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        8.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     8.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  226896                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  85381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               40.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4332958.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               825869520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               450623250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1251517800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             672021360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        170594852265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1257369855000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1584330297195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.613651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2084316574250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 171971977250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               905816520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               494245125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1358962800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             711147600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        183130913565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1246373310000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1586139953610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.385352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2066611253500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 189683234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19311936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          19311936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9673984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        9673984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       301749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             301749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       151156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            151156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8273350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8273350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4144393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4144393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12417743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12417743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     301749                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    151156                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   301749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  151156                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              19291264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  20672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                9673664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               19311936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             9673984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   323                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            16483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            15230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            18421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            17094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            15690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            19539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            16815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            19528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           21136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           18420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           22934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            10469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             8172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             9090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             8503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             8154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            10419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             8571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             9687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           10213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            8781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            9863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           10218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2334239725500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               301749                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              151156                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 301347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  8344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  8356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  8393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  8411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  8405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  8407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  8403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  8402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  8402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  8404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  8402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  8405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  8404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  8410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       198615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   145.834544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.200417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.310860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       117581     59.20%     59.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55122     27.75%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8274      4.17%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4508      2.27%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3626      1.83%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3533      1.78%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3435      1.73%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1689      0.85%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          847      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       198615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.855493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.683394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          7617     90.67%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          573      6.82%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          134      1.60%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           41      0.49%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           21      0.25%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         8401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.992025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.991129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.174733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              51      0.61%      0.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               6      0.07%      0.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            8306     98.87%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              35      0.42%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         8401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2448797750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             8100535250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1507130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8124.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26874.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  197680                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  56283                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                65.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               37.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5153927.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   56.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               722055600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               393978750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1154610600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             469800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        189446633550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1240833204750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1586185841250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.404920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2056624939750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 199669037750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               801405360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               437274750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1269340800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             511991280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        207286975485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1225183773750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1588656319425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           677.458422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2031166862250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 225127611500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20814656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20814656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13633856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       13633856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       325229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             325229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       213029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            213029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8917124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              8917124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5840826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5840826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14757950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            14757950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     325229                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    213029                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   325229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  213029                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20797632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  17024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13634176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20814656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            13633856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            21420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            18319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            17343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            19746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            18638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            17589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            21623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            19105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            21070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           21642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           21944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           21171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            13730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            14232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            13738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           13887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           13973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           15061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           13804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           14016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2334231179500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               325229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              213029                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 324934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 11354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 11384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 11582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 11940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 11948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 11893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 11895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 11892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 11893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 11897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 11899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 11889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 11897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 11890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 11889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 11889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       225886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.430872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.626350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.489421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       140552     62.22%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45991     20.36%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13230      5.86%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8636      3.82%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9431      4.18%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3911      1.73%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2415      1.07%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1027      0.45%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          693      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       225886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.333586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.230825                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11749     98.82%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          107      0.90%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           22      0.19%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.918580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.913403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.416798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             508      4.27%      4.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              25      0.21%      4.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           11290     94.96%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              59      0.50%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2601709250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             8694765500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1624815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     8006.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26756.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        8.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     8.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  226816                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  85297                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               40.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4336640.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   58.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               823707360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               449443500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1247789400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             670550400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        171149803695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1256883055500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1584389907855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.639071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2083490605000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 172803533500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               905567040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               494109000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1359571200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             712022400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        153165558000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        182929193415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1246550249250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1586116270305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.375256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2066837429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  77945400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 189457044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4665094274                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297396692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348615686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506646452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     801794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160861117                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506646452                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2939979744                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033730556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938961689                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528034118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388303449                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349926761                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38376688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              20506819.468696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4644587454.531304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995604                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004396                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166252697                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3900944      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228716932     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265643      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      699      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349926761     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38376688      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348632011                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4666548663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5110090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10247871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10067571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     261499                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       888707                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10067571                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19869388                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8191799                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6590166                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3509815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2252245                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1463738                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    788507                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4645733713.473445                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              20814949.526555                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004460                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995540                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1200902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                73942      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7886852     76.96%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11535      0.11%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    21955      0.21%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1463738     14.28%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 788507      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10247963                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4667471726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1920081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4106386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4020543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     107880                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       322591                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4020543                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8027226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3320924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2486237                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1261901                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       926316                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     576566                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    349750                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4659526075.530072                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7945650.469928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001702                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998298                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           465413                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                71317      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3076161     74.91%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7393      0.18%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25192      0.61%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  576566     14.04%     91.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 349750      8.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4106409                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4670421922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3619865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7440431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7229685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     164138                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       588587                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7229685                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14099196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5964444                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4502046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2764269                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1518566                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     942672                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    575894                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4654082984.485638                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              16338937.514362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003498                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996502                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           812230                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                77277      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5810012     78.09%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8233      0.11%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26185      0.35%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  942672     12.67%     92.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 575894      7.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7440517                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3039                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3039                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2697                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1661457                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1529988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1525490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1553489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               72460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1213500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1366500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2273701499                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044259                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269238942     99.80%     99.80% |     4462557      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2273701499                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2273701499                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.065832                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003699                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.912354                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273650223    100.00%    100.00% |       30663      0.00%    100.00% |        3649      0.00%    100.00% |        5173      0.00%    100.00% |        9502      0.00%    100.00% |        2282      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2273701499                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2272371080                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.004203                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001008                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.204967                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  2271416048     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |      954926      0.04%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2272371080                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1330419                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.328330                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.394693                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.767418                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1279143     96.15%     96.15% |       30663      2.30%     98.45% |        3649      0.27%     98.72% |        5173      0.39%     99.11% |        9502      0.71%     99.83% |        2282      0.17%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1330419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           27                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    391291866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1993878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    393285744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1861730618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        30215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1861760833                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       794134                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1229959                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2024093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        108510                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2163682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        90309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2253991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6590525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        36068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6626593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        83300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       126377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       905764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       925865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2489353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        23183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2512536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        26524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        16760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43284                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1459613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60872                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1520485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4784627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        30825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4815452                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        51074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        91697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.142662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1229959                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1236525                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3778337                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       699010                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1186009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1186009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       486999                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1229959                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      9839672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     89029800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     30226696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50328720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3895992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       987256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      9839672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.018035                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43077                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        59928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1387068                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3655                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5228                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         5228                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1573                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1310302                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43077                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4314816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11096544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       263160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        41824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        41824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        12584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10482416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       344616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.015982                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28305                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1359658                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336607                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2037960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10877264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10692856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.019915                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       104165                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1352248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2636                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4679                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4679                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2043                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1312744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7499880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10817984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       189792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        37432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10501952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       324984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.030825                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       326178                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       296444                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23167                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       145169                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       287105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       287105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       141936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       331974                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       326178                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21343968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       185336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     10452168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2296840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2296840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1135488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2655792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.035155                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       335685                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       319972                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22948                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       207354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       311010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       311010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       103656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       341431                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       335685                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2685480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23037984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14929488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2488080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2488080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       829248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2731448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2685480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.030739                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       321445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       296138                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22794                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       145445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       287149                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       287149                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       141704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       327151                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       321445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2571560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21321936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       182352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     10472040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2297192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2297192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1133632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2617208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2571560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.035311                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       347111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       319629                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       207333                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       310652                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       310652                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       103319                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       352807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       347111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2776888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23013288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       181888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14927976                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2485216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2485216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       826552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2822456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2776888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.034447                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1330419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1330553                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3984478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       705301                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1195916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1195916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       490615                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4083060                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1330419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10643352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     95799816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     31875824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50781672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9567328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9567328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3924920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     32664480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10643352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3991338                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4060572                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     11953434                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2115903                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8716254                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      9519483                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3991257                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     31930704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    292361184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     95627472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    152345016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     69730032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     76155864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     31930056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.171796                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1229952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3661497                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1186009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     88556544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29291976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       987256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.113528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1229959                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6573                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       699010                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1186009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       486999                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1229959                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      9839672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       473256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       934720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50328720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3895992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      9839672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019243                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         5228                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1310302                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3100680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       748992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        41824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10482416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016826                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43077                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1293444                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3655                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5228                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1573                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43077                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1214136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10347552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       263160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        41824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        12584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       344616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016295                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16690                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34653                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336607                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1201680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       277224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10692856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015670                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11615                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1325005                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       836280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10600040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       103059                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4679                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1312744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2923704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       824472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        37432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10501952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020702                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        63558                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1249189                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2636                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4679                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2043                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4576176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      9993512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       189792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       324984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025894                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       326178                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23167                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       145169                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       287105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       141936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       326178                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       185336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     10452168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2296840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1135488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035757                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       296359                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       287105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       331974                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21337848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2296840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2655792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031932                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       335685                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22948                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       207354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       311010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       103656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       335685                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2685480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14929488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2488080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       829248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2685480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038379                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       319916                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       311010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       341431                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23033952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2488080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2731448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       321445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22794                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       145445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       287149                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       141704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       321445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2571560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       182352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     10472040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2297192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1133632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2571560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035670                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       296088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       287149                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       327151                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21318336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2297192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2617208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032163                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       347111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       207333                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       310652                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       103319                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       347111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2776888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       181888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14927976                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2485216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       826552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2776888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       319581                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       310652                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       352807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23009832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2485216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2822456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000246                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.171796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1229952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3661497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1186009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123407                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     88556544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29291976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       987256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019243                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43065                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         5228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1310302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3100680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       748992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        41824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10482416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016295                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16690                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34653                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336607                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1201680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       277224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10692856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.019128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40607                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       103059                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4679                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1312744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2923704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       824472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        37432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10501952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.025894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       326178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23167                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       145169                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       287105                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       141936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       326178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       185336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     10452168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2296840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1135488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.031932                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       335685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22948                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       207354                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       311010                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       103656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       335685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2685480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14929488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2488080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       829248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2685480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.025808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       321445                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22794                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       145445                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       287149                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       141704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       321445                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2571560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       182352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     10472040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2297192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1133632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2571560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.032163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       347111                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       207333                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       310652                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       103319                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       347111                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2776888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       181888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14927976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2485216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       826552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2776888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356403201                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.274879                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.016452                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.926832                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356375291     99.99%     99.99% |       13534      0.00%    100.00% |        3051      0.00%    100.00% |        4244      0.00%    100.00% |        5860      0.00%    100.00% |        1218      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356403201                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    355556922                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022655                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005447                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.475438                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   354751396     99.77%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |      805505      0.23%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    355556922                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       846279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.244483                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.458860                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.671357                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      818369     96.70%     96.70% |       13534      1.60%     98.30% |        3051      0.36%     98.66% |        4244      0.50%     99.16% |        5860      0.69%     99.86% |        1218      0.14%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       846279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39929988                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.238997                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.057022                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.843152                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39907124     99.94%     99.94% |       16692      0.04%     99.98% |         583      0.00%     99.99% |         917      0.00%     99.99% |        3612      0.01%    100.00% |        1056      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39929988                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39466409                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007501                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001800                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.273819                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    39436814     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |       29510      0.07%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39466409                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       463579                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.081363                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.852336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.498842                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      440715     95.07%     95.07% |       16692      3.60%     98.67% |         583      0.13%     98.79% |         917      0.20%     98.99% |        3612      0.78%     99.77% |        1056      0.23%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       463579                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875715414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.201395                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875714985    100.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875715414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875707817                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000601                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.077509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  1875595123     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      112694      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875707817                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7597                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.773332                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    59.258926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.882423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7168     94.35%     94.35% |         375      4.94%     99.29% |          13      0.17%     99.46% |           9      0.12%     99.58% |          25      0.33%     99.91% |           7      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7597                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1231850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.163096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.019737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.769190                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1231819    100.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1231850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1227836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.031877                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007673                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.563699                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1223922     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |        3914      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1227836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4014                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.301445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.863062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.297272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3983     99.23%     99.23% |          26      0.65%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.90% |           1      0.02%     99.93% |           2      0.05%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         4014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.708345                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.209312                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.369031                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      210290     99.89%     99.89% |         191      0.09%     99.98% |          34      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       210523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       201573                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.163861                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.040074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.269555                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      198270     98.36%     98.36% |           0      0.00%     98.36% |           0      0.00%     98.36% |           0      0.00%     98.36% |           0      0.00%     98.36% |        3303      1.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       201573                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.493408                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.070432                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.641632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8717     97.40%     97.40% |         191      2.13%     99.53% |          34      0.38%     99.91% |           2      0.02%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.94% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       210523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271415983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271415983    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271415983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        98475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.036872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.008592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.453021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98341     99.86%     99.86% |          86      0.09%     99.95% |          32      0.03%     99.98% |          16      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        98475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.005282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.229766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       98396     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          52      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.006420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.005007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.188767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98375     99.93%     99.93% |          44      0.04%     99.97% |          28      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.048853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98438     99.99%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        98448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.018812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.357015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       32933     33.45%     33.45% |       53465     54.31%     87.76% |        6354      6.45%     94.21% |          10      0.01%     94.22% |           9      0.01%     94.23% |           1      0.00%     94.23% |        5676      5.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        98448                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       955097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999430                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998311                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.083164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          65      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      954926     99.98%     99.99% |         106      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       955097                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.106922                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.115461                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.147293                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1180668     95.84%     95.84% |       30663      2.49%     98.33% |        3649      0.30%     98.62% |        5173      0.42%     99.04% |        9502      0.77%     99.81% |        2282      0.19%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.011725                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002307                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.425028                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     1231071     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |          13      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |         858      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015953                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.008069                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.613925                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1230830     99.91%     99.91% |         254      0.02%     99.93% |         379      0.03%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         481      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000013                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000012                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.005839                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1231943    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      1231944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    79.079232                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    73.120716                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    56.157421                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     1208455     98.09%     98.09% |        3864      0.31%     98.41% |        3743      0.30%     98.71% |        5929      0.48%     99.19% |        9934      0.81%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      1231944                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354751390                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354751390    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    354751390                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        73803                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.634893                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.629462                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.646933                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       73778     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          10      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        73803                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       805532                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999952                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999828                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.027765                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           6      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      805505    100.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       805532                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       772476                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.277205                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.100800                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.604204                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      744566     96.39%     96.39% |       13534      1.75%     98.14% |        3051      0.39%     98.53% |        4244      0.55%     99.08% |        5860      0.76%     99.84% |        1218      0.16%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       772476                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39436765                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39436765    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     39436765                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8025                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.822555                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.737269                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.524144                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7938     98.92%     98.92% |          72      0.90%     99.81% |          14      0.17%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8025                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29644                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.986338                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.959221                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.409855                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          49      0.17%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |       29510     99.55%     99.71% |          85      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        29644                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       455554                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.336652                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.748921                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.165589                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      432690     94.98%     94.98% |       16692      3.66%     98.65% |         583      0.13%     98.77% |         917      0.20%     98.97% |        3612      0.79%     99.77% |        1056      0.23%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       455554                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875595123                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875595123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875595123                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.493098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.488192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.578619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4108     99.49%     99.49% |          21      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       112694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      112694    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       112694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3468                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.730969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.911790                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.439112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3039     87.63%     87.63% |         375     10.81%     98.44% |          13      0.37%     98.82% |           9      0.26%     99.08% |          25      0.72%     99.80% |           7      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1223922                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1223922    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1223922                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3808                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.607931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.548882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.089389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3801     99.82%     99.82% |           6      0.16%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3808                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3914    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.063107                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.896232                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.879512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         175     84.95%     84.95% |          26     12.62%     97.57% |           1      0.49%     98.06% |           1      0.49%     98.54% |           2      0.97%     99.51% |           1      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          206                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       198270                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      198270    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       198270                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.931458                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.873916                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.061576                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8695     99.83%     99.83% |           8      0.09%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          240                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.470833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.700676                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.745278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           7      2.92%      2.92% |         191     79.58%     82.50% |          34     14.17%     96.67% |           2      0.83%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           1      0.42%     97.92% |           1      0.42%     98.33% |           1      0.42%     98.75% |           3      1.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          240                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       210513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           10                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       77031     16.16%     16.16% |      160092     33.59%     49.75% |       76593     16.07%     65.82% |      162940     34.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       476656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      249376     29.18%     29.18% |      175844     20.57%     49.75% |      245027     28.67%     78.42% |      184440     21.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       854687                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      287105     24.01%     24.01% |      311010     26.01%     50.01% |      287149     24.01%     74.02% |      310652     25.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1195916                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       11591     33.79%     33.79% |        4262     12.43%     46.22% |        8064     23.51%     69.73% |       10384     30.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        34301                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      314587     24.27%     24.27% |      331423     25.57%     49.84% |      313381     24.18%     74.02% |      336727     25.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1296118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |         579     25.41%     25.41% |         538     23.61%     49.01% |         587     25.76%     74.77% |         575     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         2279                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          66     30.00%     30.00% |          52     23.64%     53.64% |          49     22.27%     75.91% |          53     24.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          220                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      141357     28.95%     28.95% |      103118     21.12%     50.06% |      141117     28.90%     78.96% |      102744     21.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       488336                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      145103     20.58%     20.58% |      207302     29.40%     49.98% |      145396     20.62%     70.60% |      207280     29.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       705081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5813     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.04%     50.34% |        5711     24.86%     75.20% |        5696     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      302087     24.08%     24.08% |      325611     25.95%     50.03% |      301749     24.05%     74.08% |      325229     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1254676                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      150982     20.73%     20.73% |      213105     29.26%     49.99% |      151156     20.76%     70.75% |      213029     29.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       728272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |       23167     25.28%     25.28% |       22948     25.04%     50.32% |       22794     24.87%     75.19% |       22736     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        91645                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        5813     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.04%     50.34% |        5711     24.86%     75.20% |        5696     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          17     62.96%     62.96% |           5     18.52%     81.48% |           5     18.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        4235     35.23%     35.23% |         803      6.68%     41.91% |        3355     27.91%     69.82% |        3628     30.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        12021                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        5844     35.66%     35.66% |        2038     12.44%     48.10% |        3207     19.57%     67.67% |        5298     32.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        16387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         645     25.81%     25.81% |         590     23.61%     49.42% |         636     25.45%     74.87% |         628     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         2499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        2007     23.55%     23.55% |        1992     23.37%     46.93% |        2485     29.16%     76.09% |        2038     23.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         8522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       17716     28.80%     28.80% |       10931     17.77%     46.57% |       16305     26.50%     73.07% |       16566     26.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        61518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      286460     24.00%     24.00% |      310420     26.01%     50.01% |      286513     24.01%     74.02% |      310024     25.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1193417                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          15     36.59%     36.59% |          10     24.39%     60.98% |           6     14.63%     75.61% |          10     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |         598     26.06%     26.06% |         567     24.71%     50.76% |         559     24.36%     75.12% |         571     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         2295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |       70714     15.51%     15.51% |      157274     34.49%     50.00% |       70727     15.51%     65.51% |      157244     34.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       455959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      225032     29.09%     29.09% |      162065     20.95%     50.04% |      224796     29.06%     79.09% |      161756     20.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total       773649                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          45     71.43%     71.43% |           2      3.17%     74.60% |           3      4.76%     79.37% |          13     20.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          17     62.96%     62.96% |           5     18.52%     81.48% |           5     18.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       10931     34.25%     34.25% |        3688     11.56%     45.80% |        7497     23.49%     69.29% |        9800     30.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        31916                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      314570     24.27%     24.27% |      331418     25.57%     49.84% |      313376     24.18%     74.02% |      336727     25.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1296091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          45     71.43%     71.43% |           2      3.17%     74.60% |           3      4.76%     79.37% |          13     20.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          17     62.96%     62.96% |           5     18.52%     81.48% |           5     18.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          17     62.96%     62.96% |           5     18.52%     81.48% |           5     18.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          17     62.96%     62.96% |           5     18.52%     81.48% |           5     18.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |         598     26.06%     26.06% |         567     24.71%     50.76% |         559     24.36%     75.12% |         571     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         2295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      295761     24.05%     24.05% |      319349     25.97%     50.02% |      295529     24.03%     74.06% |      319010     25.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1229649                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |         598     26.06%     26.06% |         567     24.71%     50.76% |         559     24.36%     75.12% |         571     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         2295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       22808     25.13%     25.13% |       22732     25.05%     50.18% |       22628     24.93%     75.11% |       22592     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total        90760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         255     35.56%     35.56% |         168     23.43%     59.00% |         150     20.92%     79.92% |         144     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          717                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |         104     61.90%     61.90% |          48     28.57%     90.48% |          16      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |          15     30.61%     30.61% |          10     20.41%     51.02% |          17     34.69%     85.71% |           7     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |         169     20.84%     20.84% |         238     29.35%     50.18% |         155     19.11%     69.30% |         249     30.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |         579     25.41%     25.41% |         538     23.61%     49.01% |         587     25.76%     74.77% |         575     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         2279                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          66     30.00%     30.00% |          52     23.64%     53.64% |          49     22.27%     75.91% |          53     24.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          220                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      141357     28.95%     28.95% |      103118     21.12%     50.06% |      141117     28.90%     78.96% |      102744     21.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       488336                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      145103     20.58%     20.58% |      207302     29.40%     49.98% |      145396     20.62%     70.60% |      207280     29.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       705081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          66     30.00%     30.00% |          52     23.64%     53.64% |          49     22.27%     75.91% |          53     24.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          220                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      150916     20.73%     20.73% |      213053     29.26%     49.99% |      151107     20.75%     70.75% |      212976     29.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       728052                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353708102     99.24%     99.24% |     1337457      0.38%     99.62% |      535547      0.15%     99.77% |      822945      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356404051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861760833     99.26%     99.26% |     6626595      0.35%     99.61% |     2512536      0.13%     99.74% |     4815454      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875715418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39578794     95.18%     95.18% |      916548      2.20%     97.38% |      390318      0.94%     98.32% |      697575      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41583235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |     1189485     98.97%     98.97% |        7025      0.58%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |        5398      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1201908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     2016290     89.80%     89.80% |      116054      5.17%     94.97% |       32556      1.45%     96.42% |       80477      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      2245377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      766492     90.99%     90.99% |       49559      5.88%     96.87% |        4024      0.48%     97.35% |       22328      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       842403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       27643     24.53%     24.53% |       33768     29.96%     54.49% |       22505     19.97%     74.46% |       28778     25.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       112694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      794135     83.15%     83.15% |       83327      8.72%     91.87% |       26529      2.78%     94.65% |       51106      5.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       955097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       18502      1.29%      1.29% |      467903     32.73%     34.02% |      473364     33.11%     67.13% |      469860     32.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1429629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      104905      3.95%      3.95% |      842399     31.75%     35.70% |      863243     32.53%     68.23% |      842884     31.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      2653431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           6     22.22%     22.22% |           5     18.52%     40.74% |          13     48.15%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     3650000     94.32%     94.32% |       90994      2.35%     96.67% |       28850      0.75%     97.42% |       99852      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      3869696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       11497     49.69%     49.69% |        2630     11.37%     61.06% |        5803     25.08%     86.14% |        3207     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        23137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        4982     34.96%     34.96% |        3242     22.75%     57.70% |        2265     15.89%     73.60% |        3763     26.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        14252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        7107     22.21%     22.21% |       10540     32.93%     55.14% |        8881     27.75%     82.88% |        5478     17.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        32006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |     1217863     94.85%     94.85% |       29283      2.28%     97.13% |        5544      0.43%     97.56% |       31366      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1284056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1186009     99.17%     99.17% |        5228      0.44%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |        4679      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1195916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        7282     21.60%     21.60% |       10816     32.08%     53.69% |        8976     26.63%     80.31% |        6637     19.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        33711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |     1222677     94.29%     94.29% |       32261      2.49%     96.78% |        7784      0.60%     97.38% |       33986      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1296708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      769346     90.91%     90.91% |       32137      3.80%     94.71% |       12903      1.52%     96.23% |       31893      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       846279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2572     33.86%     33.86% |        2300     30.28%     64.13% |         678      8.92%     73.06% |        2047     26.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         7597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      454984     96.98%     96.98% |        7256      1.55%     98.52% |        1887      0.40%     98.92% |        5044      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       469171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       17730      1.27%      1.27% |      457695     32.84%     34.11% |      463216     33.23%     67.34% |      455148     32.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1393789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       97972      3.84%      3.84% |      817751     32.04%     35.88% |      847948     33.22%     69.11% |      788479     30.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      2552150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      683609     67.88%     67.88% |      143114     14.21%     82.09% |      105071     10.43%     92.52% |       75280      7.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1007074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14108458     58.30%     58.30% |     4860055     20.08%     78.39% |     2387298      9.87%     88.25% |     2842503     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24198314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3049     42.30%     42.30% |        1346     18.67%     60.97% |        1219     16.91%     77.89% |        1594     22.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        3476     58.01%     58.01% |        1797     29.99%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |         719     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         5992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       44813     37.89%     37.89% |       23674     20.02%     57.91% |       26149     22.11%     80.02% |       23625     19.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       118261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       19601     71.67%     71.67% |        3447     12.60%     84.27% |        1718      6.28%     90.55% |        2584      9.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        27350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       21171     28.27%     28.27% |       14707     19.64%     47.92% |       21330     28.49%     76.40% |       17670     23.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        74878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         148      0.96%      0.96% |        6337     41.14%     42.10% |        6597     42.83%     84.94% |        2320     15.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        15402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |         990      4.28%      4.28% |       11661     50.40%     54.68% |        7244     31.31%     85.99% |        3242     14.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        23137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         259      0.22%      0.22% |       28889     23.99%     24.21% |        5172      4.29%     28.50% |       86101     71.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       120421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        1814      0.06%      0.06% |     1241146     38.18%     38.24% |       92062      2.83%     41.07% |     1915528     58.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3250550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           7      7.07%      7.07% |          11     11.11%     18.18% |          68     68.69%     86.87% |          13     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           99                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |         216      8.64%      8.64% |         790     31.61%     40.26% |           0      0.00%     40.26% |        1493     59.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         2499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         259      0.78%      0.78% |       17175     51.92%     52.71% |        2241      6.77%     59.48% |       13403     40.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        33078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          36      0.80%      0.80% |        1210     26.98%     27.79% |         950     21.19%     48.97% |        2288     51.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         4484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |          28      0.10%      0.10% |       15784     56.52%     56.63% |        1165      4.17%     60.80% |       10947     39.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        27924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |         404      3.39%      3.39% |        2037     17.09%     20.49% |        2671     22.42%     42.90% |        6804     57.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        11916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         132      0.81%      0.81% |        2728     16.65%     17.45% |        2042     12.46%     29.91% |       11485     70.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        16387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   274510205     99.91%     99.91% |      109010      0.04%     99.95% |       53104      0.02%     99.97% |       88406      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    274760725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1847619091     99.97%     99.97% |      488944      0.03%    100.00% |        9767      0.00%    100.00% |       25883      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1848143685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      249243     87.64%     87.64% |       16150      5.68%     93.31% |         805      0.28%     93.60% |       18212      6.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       284410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |      489169     99.67%     99.67% |         933      0.19%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         700      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       490802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1011023     97.71%     97.71% |       14769      1.43%     99.13% |        1136      0.11%     99.24% |        7833      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1034761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      492085     97.35%     97.35% |        8381      1.66%     99.01% |         200      0.04%     99.04% |        4828      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       505494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        6444     65.14%     65.14% |        3277     33.13%     98.27% |          10      0.10%     98.37% |         161      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         9892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |          15      2.17%      2.17% |          31      4.48%      6.65% |         302     43.64%     50.29% |         344     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |         480      3.08%      3.08% |        3238     20.77%     23.85% |        3086     19.79%     43.64% |        8788     56.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        15592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    77000309     97.64%     97.64% |      982278      1.25%     98.88% |      356111      0.45%     99.34% |      524206      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     78862904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    38847719     95.25%     95.25% |      883341      2.17%     97.42% |      385323      0.94%     98.36% |      666942      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     40783325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      696624     99.15%     99.15% |        3505      0.50%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |        2486      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       702615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      960195     90.65%     90.65% |       60436      5.71%     96.35% |        3030      0.29%     96.64% |       35616      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1059277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      254770     83.51%     83.51% |       36521     11.97%     95.48% |        1156      0.38%     95.86% |       12628      4.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       305075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         205      2.62%      2.62% |        1803     23.03%     25.64% |         578      7.38%     33.03% |        5244     66.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         7830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        5331     11.55%     11.55% |        7021     15.21%     26.76% |        2923      6.33%     33.09% |       30890     66.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        46165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           4     20.00%     35.00% |          11     55.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       19600     71.82%     71.82% |        3421     12.54%     84.35% |        1715      6.28%     90.64% |        2555      9.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        27291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       21171     28.27%     28.27% |       14707     19.64%     47.92% |       21330     28.49%     76.40% |       17670     23.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        74878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           1      1.69%      1.69% |          26     44.07%     45.76% |           3      5.08%     50.85% |          29     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |          36      0.80%      0.80% |        1209     27.00%     27.80% |         948     21.17%     48.97% |        2285     51.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         4478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |          28      0.10%      0.10% |       15784     56.52%     56.63% |        1165      4.17%     60.80% |       10947     39.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        27924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      489587     97.83%     97.83% |        6284      1.26%     99.09% |         167      0.03%     99.12% |        4398      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       500436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        6444     65.14%     65.14% |        3277     33.13%     98.27% |          10      0.10%     98.37% |         161      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         9892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        2498     49.39%     49.39% |        2097     41.46%     90.85% |          33      0.65%     91.50% |         430      8.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         5058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      234296     85.72%     85.72% |       30951     11.32%     97.05% |         332      0.12%     97.17% |        7742      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       273321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       20474     64.48%     64.48% |        5570     17.54%     82.02% |         824      2.59%     84.61% |        4886     15.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        31754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     1359756     97.96%     97.96% |       15150      1.09%     99.05% |        3586      0.26%     99.31% |        9615      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1388107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1757     37.46%     37.46% |        1041     22.20%     59.66% |         938     20.00%     79.66% |         954     20.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      453227     97.58%     97.58% |        6215      1.34%     98.92% |         949      0.20%     99.12% |        4090      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       464481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5334     51.43%     51.43% |        1133     10.92%     62.35% |        2067     19.93%     82.28% |        1838     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        3050     41.97%     41.97% |        1372     18.88%     60.85% |        1222     16.82%     77.67% |        1623     22.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         7267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          21      6.67%      6.67% |          36     11.43%     18.10% |         210     66.67%     84.76% |          48     15.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           7      6.67%      6.67% |          12     11.43%     18.10% |          70     66.67%     84.76% |          16     15.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        1149     16.63%     16.63% |        2849     41.23%     57.86% |         724     10.48%     68.34% |        2188     31.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         6910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        4807     40.20%     40.20% |        2413     20.18%     60.38% |        2160     18.06%     78.45% |        2577     21.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        11957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          11     13.25%     13.25% |          29     34.94%     48.19% |          22     26.51%     74.70% |          21     25.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        6088     24.92%     24.92% |        4798     19.64%     44.57% |        3111     12.74%     57.30% |       10430     42.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        24427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      764636     93.30%     93.30% |       23068      2.81%     96.11% |        4592      0.56%     96.67% |       27272      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       819568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         493     27.59%     27.59% |         742     41.52%     69.11% |         151      8.45%     77.56% |         401     22.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         675     19.32%     19.32% |         975     27.90%     47.22% |         298      8.53%     55.75% |        1546     44.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         3494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      453227     97.58%     97.58% |        6215      1.34%     98.91% |         952      0.20%     99.12% |        4094      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       464488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     2275681     93.79%     93.79% |       63523      2.62%     96.41% |       15347      0.63%     97.04% |       71727      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2426278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        8732     52.98%     52.98% |        1181      7.17%     60.15% |        4515     27.40%     87.54% |        2053     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        16481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         175      7.63%      7.63% |         829     36.12%     43.75% |         105      4.58%     48.32% |        1186     51.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        7107     22.21%     22.21% |       10540     32.93%     55.14% |        8881     27.75%     82.88% |        5478     17.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        32006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      764636     93.30%     93.30% |       23068      2.81%     96.11% |        4595      0.56%     96.67% |       27276      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       819575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          18      9.52%      9.52% |         129     68.25%     77.78% |           2      1.06%     78.84% |          40     21.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        1255     48.76%     48.76% |         380     14.76%     63.52% |         226      8.78%     72.30% |         713     27.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         2574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        1296     13.23%     13.23% |        2530     25.83%     39.07% |        3507     35.81%     74.88% |        2460     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         9793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        2765     41.54%     41.54% |        1449     21.77%     63.31% |        1288     19.35%     82.66% |        1154     17.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         6656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        7282     21.60%     21.60% |       10816     32.08%     53.69% |        8976     26.63%     80.31% |        6637     19.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        33711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         553     93.73%     93.73% |          10      1.69%     95.42% |          27      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |         216      8.64%      8.64% |         790     31.61%     40.26% |           0      0.00%     40.26% |        1493     59.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         2499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |         785     97.52%     97.52% |           5      0.62%     98.14% |           0      0.00%     98.14% |          15      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          24     48.98%     48.98% |           8     16.33%     65.31% |           0      0.00%     65.31% |          17     34.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1185793     99.36%     99.36% |        4438      0.37%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |        3186      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1193417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       40772     39.88%     39.88% |       18154     17.76%     57.64% |       23048     22.55%     80.19% |       20254     19.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       102228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |          64      0.20%      0.20% |       16994     52.44%     52.64% |        2115      6.53%     59.16% |       13235     40.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        32408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store  |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      498529     96.73%     96.73% |       11658      2.26%     98.99% |         210      0.04%     99.03% |        4989      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       515386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load  |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store |         281    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store::total          281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      254770     83.51%     83.51% |       36521     11.97%     95.48% |        1156      0.38%     95.86% |       12628      4.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       305075                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.478677                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2478676769000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55303888940501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128042                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   232249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              228299651                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2114432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10857.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390165003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2521550744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21312256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21312256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11003776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11003776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       333004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             333004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       171934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            171934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8598239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8598239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4439375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4439375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13037614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13037614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     333004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    171934                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   333004                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  171934                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21286592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  25664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11000448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21312256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11003776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   401                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   42                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            22369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            18450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            17283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            18982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            17467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            22566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            18796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           22785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           22507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           25364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           21231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           21486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             8995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            10324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             9375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           12930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2478676665500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               333004                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              171934                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 332425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  9407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  9437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  9519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  9566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  9575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  9574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  9569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  9576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  9571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  9570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  9569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  9570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  9566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  9574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  9561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  9560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  9560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       222676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.995886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.711257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.537234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       133730     60.06%     60.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59178     26.58%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9968      4.48%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5496      2.47%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4138      1.86%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3839      1.72%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3531      1.59%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1831      0.82%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          965      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       222676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.829603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.940368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          8759     91.62%     91.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          563      5.89%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          144      1.51%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           50      0.52%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           18      0.19%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      0.13%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.979289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.977255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.263539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             135      1.41%      1.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              13      0.14%      1.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            9336     97.66%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              71      0.74%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2816063499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             9052369749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1663015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8466.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27216.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     8.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  216202                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  65607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4908873.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               811014120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               442517625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1274535600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             536440320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        209612372850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1309809594000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1685086329075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.886436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2171261835750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 224646263500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               894045600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               487822500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1392526200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             579558240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        227454200775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1294158867750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1687566875625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           677.882853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2145706116250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 250207959750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     23953728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          23953728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15002240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       15002240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       374277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             374277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       234410                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            234410                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9663918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              9663918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6052520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6052520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15716437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            15716437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     374277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    234410                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   374277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  234410                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              23934272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  19456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               15001856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               23953728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            15002240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            24547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            21569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            22439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            21616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            23729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            25193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            22089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           24791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           22868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           24988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           26972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           24363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            15313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            13388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            14128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            13774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            13498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            15150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            15893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            13896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            15082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           15441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           13926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           15349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           16547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           14880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           15145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2478670282500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               374277                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              234410                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 373854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 12821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 12901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 12996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 13064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 13049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 13046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 13052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 13046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 13049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 13042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 13038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 13042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 13052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 13039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 13048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 13036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 13037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 13037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       251289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.945867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.789182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.615041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       155383     61.83%     61.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50255     20.00%     81.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15235      6.06%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9992      3.98%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11486      4.57%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4407      1.75%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2597      1.03%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1133      0.45%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          801      0.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       251289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.715809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    57.750868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12862     98.66%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          127      0.97%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           24      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        13037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.979903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.978219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.239658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             142      1.09%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              71      0.54%      1.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           12740     97.72%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              77      0.59%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               5      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        13037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2955376499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             9967370249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1869865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7902.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26652.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        9.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     9.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  261261                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  95828                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               40.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4072159.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               919817640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               501884625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1442103000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             740767680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        190399704615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1326662811750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1683266943870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.155603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2199480867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 196426941000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1001805840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               546620250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1547777400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             780392880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        203056844175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1315560057750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1685093352855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.889258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2181598526500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 214315424750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21282880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          21282880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11004864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11004864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       332545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             332545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       171951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            171951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8586388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8586388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4439814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4439814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13026202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            13026202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     332545                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    171951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   332545                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  171951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              21260928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  21952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11004416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               21282880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11004864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   343                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            22570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            18347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            17073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            18833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            17720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            21612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            22411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            18562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            21495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           22614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           24954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           21635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             9302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             8859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            10364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             9830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            9945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2478677302000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               332545                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              171951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 332037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  9468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  9485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  9543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  9573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  9566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  9567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  9564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  9560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  9564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  9566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  9569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  9558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  9558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  9558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       221526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   145.650948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.226048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.587513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       131918     59.55%     59.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59727     26.96%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9943      4.49%     91.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5773      2.61%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4066      1.84%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3802      1.72%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3561      1.61%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1790      0.81%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          946      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       221526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.779138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.959044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          8750     91.55%     91.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          586      6.13%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          136      1.42%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           44      0.46%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           22      0.23%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.989538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.988233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.211363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              82      0.86%      0.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.08%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            9405     98.40%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              55      0.58%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2750035250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             8978822750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1661010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8278.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27028.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  216188                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  66434                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                65.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               38.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4913175.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   56.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               807929640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               440834625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1275151800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             537237360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        208912998240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1310423080500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1684997086725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.850588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2172284148750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 223629292500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               888738480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               484926750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1388868000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             579292560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        227010649005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1294547948250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1687500277605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           677.856101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2146449040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 249464910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     23926720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          23926720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14991616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       14991616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       373855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             373855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       234244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            234244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9653021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              9653021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6048234                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6048234                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15701255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            15701255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     373855                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    234244                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   373855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  234244                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              23908096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  18624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               14992384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               23926720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            14991616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            24488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            21316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            22671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            21508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            23802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            21983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           24692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           22823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           24994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           26855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           24462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            13307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            14186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            13813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            15172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            15794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            13871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            15201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           15423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           13855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           15302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           16516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           15001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           15182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2478672696000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               373855                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              234244                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 373416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 12497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 12533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 12754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 13123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 13102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 13257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 13130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 13075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 13082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 13079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 13077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 13081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 13082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 13073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 13080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 13073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 13070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 13070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       250873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   155.061214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.948480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.362096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       154761     61.69%     61.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50612     20.17%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15191      6.06%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10042      4.00%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11399      4.54%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4411      1.76%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2531      1.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1133      0.45%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          793      0.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       250873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.615073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    57.273970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12908     98.76%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          114      0.87%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      0.19%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        13070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.923183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.918047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.415743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             541      4.14%      4.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              30      0.23%      4.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           12406     94.92%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              80      0.61%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        13070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2988076749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             9992401749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1867820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7998.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26748.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        9.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        6.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     9.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     6.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  261142                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  95807                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               40.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4076100.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   58.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               917965440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               500874000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1438086000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             739206000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        190990348875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1326144702750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1683331037625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.181349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2198602817000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 197310785250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1000210680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               545749875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1548362400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             780885360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        162599854560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        202882391685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1315713086250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1685070540810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.880094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2181784712500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  82768660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 214129238750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4957239416                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300114016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353700992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511682380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     893804                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161267205                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511682380                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2949925680                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037747798                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941662414                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529830606                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389419710                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350566485                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38853225                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              297833967.482518                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4659405448.517482                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.939919                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.060081                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166815928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919425      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232648598     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4268973      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4400      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350566485     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38853225      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353717630                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4957082466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78094477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143902971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142672663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4276221                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10356980                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142672663                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295825092                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113729756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71630498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43338756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35413042                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23431517                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11981525                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4661325165.148873                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              295757300.851126                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.059664                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.940336                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16819198                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               127523      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107604532     74.78%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56804      0.04%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27658      0.02%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23431517     16.28%     91.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11981525      8.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143903736                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4957876103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3047275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6239330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6116290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     157514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       485612                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6116290                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12335271                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5000938                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3642774                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1964387                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1452241                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     895143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    557098                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4944595867.270144                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13280235.729855                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002679                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997321                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           695162                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                87709      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4659605     74.68%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9158      0.15%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28473      0.46%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  895143     14.35%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 557098      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6239558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4954317207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4167907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8497663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8265951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     191943                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       660650                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8265951                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16245361                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6786979                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5014954                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3075222                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1793479                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1107866                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    685613                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4935479826.803892                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              18837380.196108                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003802                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996198                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           923118                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                85811      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6576848     77.39%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9337      0.11%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26441      0.31%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1107866     13.04%     91.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 685613      8.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8497872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3713                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3713                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1662500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               178983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1824948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1739446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1693986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1709486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              110458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1851000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2067000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1932500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4683468952                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043614                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4674543133     99.81%     99.81% |     8925819      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4683468952                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4683468952                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.068586                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003902                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.967962                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4683358530    100.00%    100.00% |       66220      0.00%    100.00% |        7770      0.00%    100.00% |       10957      0.00%    100.00% |       20385      0.00%    100.00% |        5070      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4683468952                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4680592026                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.004528                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001086                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.212734                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  4678472866     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |     2118948      0.05%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4680592026                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2876926                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.288264                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.815795                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.293804                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2766504     96.16%     96.16% |       66220      2.30%     98.46% |        7770      0.27%     98.73% |       10957      0.38%     99.11% |       20385      0.71%     99.82% |        5070      0.18%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2876926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          162                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    392382528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2029595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    394412123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1865297894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1865354718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       831147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1255272                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2086419                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        108676                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35119785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       347308                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35467093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    101656884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        88540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    101745424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       224659                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses       211189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       435848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           478                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1412895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1455827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3963691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        37050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4000741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        46497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        33485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        79982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1725838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1797559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5497303                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        36665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5533968                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        61825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        46561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       108386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            28                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.139047                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1255272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1281883                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4009702                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       700149                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1199868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1199868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       499719                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       314216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1255272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10042176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     92295576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     32077616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50410728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9598944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9598944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3997752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2513728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10042176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.035228                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2       211189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       240773                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1900694                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5        86591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       148107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       148107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        61516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1358330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       211189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1689512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17335656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     15205552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5      6234552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      1184856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1184856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       492128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10866640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1689512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.018506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52891                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1589807                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1536052                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3808152                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12718456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12288416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       267880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.021915                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       126028                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1560076                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2639                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2050                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1522922                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       372488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9074016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12480608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       190008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12183376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       372488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.032428                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       371756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       327363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23301                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       166087                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       317559                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       317559                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       151472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       377580                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       371756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2974048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23570136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       186408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     11958264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2540472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2540472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1211776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3020640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2974048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.037850                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       398248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       368638                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23076                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       228627                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       130509                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       403947                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       398248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26541936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       184608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     16461144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2873088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2873088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1044072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3231576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.032324                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       366542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       326934                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22922                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       166208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       317378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       317378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       151170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       372263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       366542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2932336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23539248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     11966976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2539024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2539024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1209360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2978104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2932336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.037994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       409961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       368255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       228516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       358666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       358666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       130150                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       415683                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       409961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26514360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       182912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     16453152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2869328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2869328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1041200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3325464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.037240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1546507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3          134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1546383                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4576221                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       789438                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1352739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1352739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       563301                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4731520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1546507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12372056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    111339576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     36609768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56839536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10821912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10821912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4506408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     37852160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12372056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      4639923                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4708067                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13728663                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2368314                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      9876024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     11032513                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      4639521                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     37119384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    338980824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    109829304                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    170518608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     79008192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     88260104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     37116168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.166756                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1255234                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3722124                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1199868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       314216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     90376848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29776992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9598944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2513728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.111339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1255272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26649                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       287578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       700149                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1199868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       499719                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1255272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10042176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1918728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2300624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50410728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9598944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3997752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10042176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.040122                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       211056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       572031                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       148107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1358330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15196032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      4576248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1184856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10866640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       211189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        29717                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1328663                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5        86591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       148107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        61516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       211189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1689512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2139624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10629304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5      6234552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      1184856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       492128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1689512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019258                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        73272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1536052                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2399616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       586176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12288416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017753                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19563                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1516535                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1408536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12132280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       267880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46524                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116631                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1522922                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3349728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       933048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12183376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023022                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1443445                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2639                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2050                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       372488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5724288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11547560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       190008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       372488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       371756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23301                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       166087                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       317559                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       151472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       371756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2974048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         6264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       186408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     11958264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2540472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1211776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2974048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.037248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       327276                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       317559                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       377580                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23563872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2540472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3020640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034022                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       398248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23076                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       228627                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       130509                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       398248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       184608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     16461144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2873088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1044072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.041677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       368582                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       403947                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26537904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2873088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3231576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027501                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       366542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22922                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       166208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       317378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       151170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       366542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2932336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     11966976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2539024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1209360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2932336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.037147                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       326884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       317378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       372263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       411192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23535648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2539024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2978104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034236                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       409961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       228516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       358666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       130150                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       409961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       182912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     16453152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2869328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1041200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.041751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       368207                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       358666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       415683                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26510904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2869328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3325464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002087                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000233                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.166756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1255234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3722124                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1199868                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       314216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     90376848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29776992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9598944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2513728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040122                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       211056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       572031                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       148107                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1358330                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15196032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      4576248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1184856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10866640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019258                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        73272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1536052                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2399616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       586176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12288416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.020807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46524                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116631                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4689                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1522922                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3349728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       933048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12183376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.027608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       371756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23301                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       166087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       317559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       151472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       371756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2974048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         6264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       186408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     11958264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2540472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1211776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2974048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.034022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       398248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23076                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       228627                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       130509                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       398248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       184608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     16461144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2873088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1044072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3185984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.027501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       366542                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22922                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       166208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       317378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       151170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       366542                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2932336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     11966976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2539024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1209360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2932336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.034236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       409961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       228516                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       358666                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       130150                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       409961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       182912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     16453152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2869328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1041200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735104905                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.287331                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017169                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.066062                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   735043831     99.99%     99.99% |       29943      0.00%    100.00% |        6464      0.00%    100.00% |        9009      0.00%    100.00% |       12795      0.00%    100.00% |        2852      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735104905                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    733258801                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.023146                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005566                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.480552                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   731561568     99.77%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |     1697191      0.23%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    733258801                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1846104                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.219555                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.924604                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.347475                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1785030     96.69%     96.69% |       29943      1.62%     98.31% |        6464      0.35%     98.66% |        9009      0.49%     99.15% |       12795      0.69%     99.84% |        2852      0.15%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1846104                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91665142                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.125120                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.052573                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.207658                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91617934     99.95%     99.95% |       34418      0.04%     99.99% |        1246      0.00%     99.99% |        1900      0.00%     99.99% |        7458      0.01%    100.00% |        2178      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91665142                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90694411                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.010104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002425                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.317733                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    90602794     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |       91447      0.10%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90694411                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       970731                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.299983                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.683495                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.627983                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      923523     95.14%     95.14% |       34418      3.55%     98.68% |        1246      0.13%     98.81% |        1900      0.20%     99.01% |        7458      0.77%     99.77% |        2178      0.22%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       970731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852350265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000224                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.277915                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852348420    100.00%    100.00% |        1623      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852350265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852321035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.089722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  3852010895     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      310140      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852321035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29230                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.415429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    61.411338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.576366                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       27385     93.69%     93.69% |        1623      5.55%     99.24% |          49      0.17%     99.41% |          30      0.10%     99.51% |         108      0.37%     99.88% |          34      0.12%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29230                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3145986                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.143862                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.017571                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.623197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3145900    100.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3145986                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3137302                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.030469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007333                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.551145                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     3127743     99.70%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |        9559      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3137302                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8684                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.109972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.279569                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.463894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8598     99.01%     99.01% |          75      0.86%     99.87% |           3      0.03%     99.91% |           2      0.02%     99.93% |           4      0.05%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.846144                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.196535                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.743674                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      601118     99.97%     99.97% |         161      0.03%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       601327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       579150                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.183217                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044913                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.341120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      568539     98.17%     98.17% |           0      0.00%     98.17% |           0      0.00%     98.17% |           0      0.00%     98.17% |           0      0.00%     98.17% |       10611      1.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       579150                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22177                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.273301                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.178442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.536835                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21968     99.06%     99.06% |         161      0.73%     99.78% |           8      0.04%     99.82% |          16      0.07%     99.89% |          20      0.09%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        22177                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601327    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       601327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601327    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4678472361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4678472361    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   4678472361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       254033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.978058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.942359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.744303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      253608     99.83%     99.83% |         386      0.15%     99.98% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |          26      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       254033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.015819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.003845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.395988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      253455     99.84%     99.84% |          18      0.01%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         398      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.018127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.009257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.826165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      253738     99.95%     99.95% |          92      0.04%     99.98% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          28      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.049093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      253848     99.99%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       253871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.930323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.336175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       99884     39.34%     39.34% |      126366     49.78%     89.12% |       13904      5.48%     94.60% |          53      0.02%     94.62% |          49      0.02%     94.64% |          37      0.01%     94.65% |       13578      5.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       253871                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2119665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.997718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.993813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.154659                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         505      0.02%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |     2118948     99.97%     99.99% |         212      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2119665                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.194815                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.160258                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.451615                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2512473     95.79%     95.79% |       66218      2.52%     98.31% |        7770      0.30%     98.61% |       10957      0.42%     99.03% |       20385      0.78%     99.81% |        5070      0.19%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.011675                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002307                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.422013                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     2621003     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |         121      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |        1765      0.07%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015654                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007941                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.607536                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2621124     99.93%     99.93% |         767      0.03%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |        1001      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000068                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000064                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.015362                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2622865    100.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      2622893                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    79.167417                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    73.162583                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    56.461589                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     2572493     98.08%     98.08% |        8320      0.32%     98.40% |        7936      0.30%     98.70% |       12643      0.48%     99.18% |       21453      0.82%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      2622893                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731561550                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731561550    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    731561550                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       184948                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.602386                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.588685                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.231322                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      184768     99.90%     99.90% |         142      0.08%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |          26      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       184948                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1697251                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999919                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999744                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.032944                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          18      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1697191    100.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1697251                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1661156                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.304528                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.062603                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.110608                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1600084     96.32%     96.32% |       29941      1.80%     98.13% |        6464      0.39%     98.52% |        9009      0.54%     99.06% |       12795      0.77%     99.83% |        2852      0.17%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1661156                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90602353                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90602353    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     90602353                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26999                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.377236                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.276251                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.775596                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       26520     98.23%     98.23% |         275      1.02%     99.24% |         201      0.74%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        26999                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        92058                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.953942                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.876113                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.691937                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         441      0.48%      0.48% |           0      0.00%      0.48% |           0      0.00%      0.48% |           0      0.00%      0.48% |           0      0.00%      0.48% |       91447     99.34%     99.82% |         170      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        92058                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       943732                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.328995                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.750185                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.088665                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      896524     95.00%     95.00% |       34418      3.65%     98.64% |        1246      0.13%     98.78% |        1900      0.20%     98.98% |        7458      0.79%     99.77% |        2178      0.23%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       943732                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852010895                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3852010895    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852010895                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.525922                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.521163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.569325                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       15015     99.54%     99.54% |          69      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       310140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      310140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       310140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.148876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.114997                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.104371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       12301     86.96%     86.96% |        1623     11.47%     98.43% |          49      0.35%     98.78% |          30      0.21%     98.99% |         108      0.76%     99.75% |          34      0.24%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14146                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3127743                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3127743    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3127743                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.569519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.507794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.134634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8139     99.79%     99.79% |          14      0.17%     99.96% |           3      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9559    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          528                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.693182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.643470                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.456554                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         442     83.71%     83.71% |          75     14.20%     97.92% |           3      0.57%     98.48% |           2      0.38%     98.86% |           4      0.76%     99.62% |           2      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          528                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       568539                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      568539    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       568539                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18846                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.900669                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.837586                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.180646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18761     99.55%     99.55% |          47      0.25%     99.80% |          34      0.18%     99.98% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18846                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10611    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3331                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.616932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.058864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.889975                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3122     93.73%     93.73% |         161      4.83%     98.56% |           8      0.24%     98.80% |          16      0.48%     99.28% |          20      0.60%     99.88% |           4      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3331                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601281                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601281    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       601281                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           46                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           46                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       89157     16.97%     16.97% |      172238     32.79%     49.77% |       88783     16.90%     66.67% |      175080     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       525258                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      282871     27.67%     27.67% |      226294     22.14%     49.80% |      277983     27.19%     77.00% |      235183     23.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1022331                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      317559     23.48%     23.48% |      359136     26.55%     50.02% |      317378     23.46%     73.49% |      358666     26.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1352739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       19689     30.09%     30.09% |       11700     17.88%     47.97% |       16043     24.52%     72.48% |       18009     27.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        65441                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      352067     23.77%     23.77% |      386548     26.10%     49.87% |      350499     23.67%     73.54% |      391952     26.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1481066                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1847     27.49%     27.49% |        1442     21.46%     48.96% |        1928     28.70%     77.66% |        1501     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         6718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          74     30.71%     30.71% |          57     23.65%     54.36% |          54     22.41%     76.76% |          56     23.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      149625     26.88%     26.88% |      129067     23.19%     50.07% |      149242     26.81%     76.89% |      128649     23.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       556583                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      166013     21.04%     21.04% |      228570     28.96%     50.00% |      166154     21.05%     71.05% |      228460     28.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       789197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5815     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.03%     50.35% |        5711     24.86%     75.21% |        5696     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      333004     23.56%     23.56% |      374277     26.48%     50.03% |      332545     23.52%     73.55% |      373855     26.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1413681                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      171934     21.16%     21.16% |      234410     28.85%     50.01% |      171951     21.16%     71.17% |      234244     28.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       812539                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |       23301     25.28%     25.28% |       23076     25.04%     50.32% |       22922     24.87%     75.19% |       22864     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        92163                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        5847     25.31%     25.31% |        5783     25.03%     50.34% |        5743     24.86%     75.20% |        5728     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        23101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          23     17.16%     17.16% |          83     61.94%     79.10% |          22     16.42%     95.52% |           6      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        5167     33.43%     33.43% |        1632     10.56%     44.00% |        4121     26.67%     70.66% |        4534     29.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        15454                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        8401     31.53%     31.53% |        4625     17.36%     48.89% |        5724     21.48%     70.37% |        7896     29.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        26646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1921     27.60%     27.60% |        1499     21.54%     49.14% |        1982     28.48%     77.63% |        1557     22.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         6959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        4324     24.02%     24.02% |        4357     24.20%     48.22% |        4935     27.41%     75.63% |        4388     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        18004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       26565     27.87%     27.87% |       18968     19.90%     47.77% |       24856     26.08%     73.85% |       24930     26.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        95319                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      315638     23.45%     23.45% |      357637     26.57%     50.03% |      315396     23.44%     73.46% |      357109     26.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1345780                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         102     26.70%     26.70% |          86     22.51%     49.21% |         105     27.49%     76.70% |          89     23.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        2051     24.57%     24.57% |        2082     24.95%     49.52% |        2065     24.74%     74.26% |        2148     25.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         8346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |       79477     16.18%     16.18% |      166130     33.82%     50.00% |       79570     16.20%     66.20% |      166032     33.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       491209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      245646     27.57%     27.57% |      200284     22.48%     50.05% |      245144     27.51%     77.56% |      199938     22.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total       891012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          66     50.38%     50.38% |          13      9.92%     60.31% |          28     21.37%     81.68% |          24     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          131                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          23     17.16%     17.16% |          83     61.94%     79.10% |          22     16.42%     95.52% |           6      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       17550     30.88%     30.88% |        9526     16.76%     47.64% |       13929     24.51%     72.14% |       15832     27.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        56837                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      352043     23.77%     23.77% |      386460     26.10%     49.87% |      350476     23.67%     73.53% |      391945     26.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1480924                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          65     53.28%     53.28% |           7      5.74%     59.02% |          27     22.13%     81.15% |          23     18.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           6     66.67%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          23     17.29%     17.29% |          82     61.65%     78.95% |          22     16.54%     95.49% |           6      4.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          133                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          23     17.04%     17.04% |          84     62.22%     79.26% |          22     16.30%     95.56% |           6      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          23     17.16%     17.16% |          83     61.94%     79.10% |          22     16.42%     95.52% |           6      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        2051     24.57%     24.57% |        2082     24.95%     49.52% |        2065     24.74%     74.26% |        2148     25.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         8346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |          11     29.73%     29.73% |           7     18.92%     48.65% |           9     24.32%     72.97% |          10     27.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      325225     23.52%     23.52% |      366500     26.51%     50.03% |      324819     23.49%     73.52% |      366059     26.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1382603                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        2051     24.57%     24.57% |        2082     24.95%     49.52% |        2065     24.74%     74.26% |        2148     25.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         8346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |         128     25.00%     25.00% |         128     25.00%     50.00% |         128     25.00%     75.00% |         128     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total          512                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       22808     25.13%     25.13% |       22732     25.05%     50.18% |       22628     24.93%     75.11% |       22592     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total        90760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         261     36.10%     36.10% |         168     23.24%     59.34% |         150     20.75%     80.08% |         144     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          723                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |         104     61.90%     61.90% |          48     28.57%     90.48% |          16      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |          19     25.68%     25.68% |          18     24.32%     50.00% |          24     32.43%     82.43% |          13     17.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total           74                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |         174     20.84%     20.84% |         243     29.10%     49.94% |         163     19.52%     69.46% |         255     30.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1847     27.49%     27.49% |        1442     21.46%     48.96% |        1928     28.70%     77.66% |        1501     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         6718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          74     30.71%     30.71% |          57     23.65%     54.36% |          54     22.41%     76.76% |          56     23.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      149625     26.88%     26.88% |      129067     23.19%     50.07% |      149242     26.81%     76.89% |      128649     23.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       556583                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      166013     21.04%     21.04% |      228570     28.96%     50.00% |      166154     21.05%     71.05% |      228460     28.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       789197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          74     30.71%     30.71% |          57     23.65%     54.36% |          54     22.41%     76.76% |          56     23.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      171828     21.16%     21.16% |      234321     28.85%     50.01% |      171865     21.16%     71.17% |      234156     28.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       812170                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354331866     93.56%     93.56% |    22547775      5.95%     99.52% |      840597      0.22%     99.74% |      982340      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378702578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865354718     94.37%     94.37% |   101745426      5.15%     99.52% |     4000741      0.20%     99.72% |     5533970      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976634855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40081414     73.64%     73.64% |    12919393     23.74%     97.37% |      615231      1.13%     98.50% |      815254      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54431292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |     1203937     87.60%     87.60% |      164928     12.00%     99.60% |         125      0.01%     99.61% |        5413      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1374403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     2075996     78.04%     78.04% |      421938     15.86%     93.90% |       66390      2.50%     96.39% |       95928      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      2660252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      782066     80.86%     80.86% |      144062     14.90%     95.76% |       13028      1.35%     97.11% |       27980      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       967136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       49210     24.92%     24.92% |       80789     40.92%     65.84% |       33508     16.97%     82.81% |       33939     17.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       197446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      831276     71.38%     71.38% |      224851     19.31%     90.69% |       46536      4.00%     94.68% |       61919      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1164582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       58824      3.73%      3.73% |      483147     30.66%     34.40% |      516535     32.78%     67.18% |      517153     32.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1575659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      255392      8.09%      8.09% |      875183     27.73%     35.82% |     1019517     32.31%     68.13% |     1005769     31.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      3155861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          11      8.21%      8.21% |          50     37.31%     45.52% |          46     34.33%     79.85% |          27     20.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     3704719     83.40%     83.40% |      562934     12.67%     96.07% |       61682      1.39%     97.46% |      112827      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      4442162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       17405     41.54%     41.54% |        9097     21.71%     63.26% |       11590     27.66%     90.92% |        3804      9.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        41896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8912     37.42%     37.42% |        6513     27.35%     64.76% |        4173     17.52%     82.29% |        4219     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        23817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       13701     24.00%     24.00% |       22827     39.98%     63.98% |       13108     22.96%     86.94% |        7459     13.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        57095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |     1232621     84.12%     84.12% |      181716     12.40%     96.53% |       16047      1.10%     97.62% |       34846      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1465230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1199868     88.70%     88.70% |      148107     10.95%     99.65% |          75      0.01%     99.65% |        4689      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1352739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15849     24.55%     24.55% |       25216     39.06%     63.60% |       14744     22.84%     86.44% |        8755     13.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        64564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |     1239423     83.63%     83.63% |      185973     12.55%     96.18% |       18741      1.26%     97.45% |       37806      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1481943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      781305     78.14%     78.14% |      161408     16.14%     94.29% |       21301      2.13%     96.42% |       35811      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       999825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        7614     35.20%     35.20% |        7751     35.83%     71.03% |        3542     16.37%     87.40% |        2726     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        21633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      461934     89.73%     89.73% |       39690      7.71%     97.44% |        7011      1.36%     98.80% |        6167      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       514802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       56033      3.67%      3.67% |      467215     30.64%     34.31% |      503410     33.01%     67.33% |      498191     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1524849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      224633      7.51%      7.51% |      840055     28.08%     35.59% |      994830     33.25%     68.84% |      932236     31.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      2991754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      799350     44.98%     44.98% |      718335     40.42%     85.40% |      160315      9.02%     94.42% |       99078      5.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1777078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    17526080     32.94%     32.94% |    28655348     53.86%     86.81% |     3769219      7.08%     93.89% |     3250618      6.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     53201265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4253     44.94%     44.94% |        2033     21.48%     66.42% |        1446     15.28%     81.70% |        1732     18.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        4069     18.78%     18.78% |       16821     77.64%     96.43% |          50      0.23%     96.66% |         724      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total        21664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       78694     35.88%     35.88% |       68127     31.06%     66.94% |       43013     19.61%     86.55% |       29490     13.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       219324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       25427     59.95%     59.95% |        9386     22.13%     82.08% |        3881      9.15%     91.23% |        3720      8.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        42414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       41894     31.29%     31.29% |       40017     29.89%     61.18% |       31237     23.33%     84.52% |       20731     15.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       133879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         337      1.90%      1.90% |        6917     39.04%     40.94% |        7365     41.57%     82.51% |        3098     17.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        17717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        6575     15.69%     15.69% |       14474     34.55%     50.24% |       10927     26.08%     76.32% |        9920     23.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        41896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         660      0.40%      0.40% |       55964     34.12%     34.53% |       12962      7.90%     42.43% |       94422     57.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       164008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        2020      0.04%      0.04% |     2423026     50.62%     50.67% |      156601      3.27%     53.94% |     2204674     46.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      4786321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          37     11.25%     11.25% |         115     34.95%     46.20% |         146     44.38%     90.58% |          31      9.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        3490     50.15%     50.15% |        1952     28.05%     78.20% |          20      0.29%     78.49% |        1497     21.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         6959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         530      1.07%      1.07% |       28131     56.91%     57.98% |        4414      8.93%     66.91% |       16358     33.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        49433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         108      1.23%      1.23% |        4014     45.60%     46.82% |        1822     20.70%     67.52% |        2859     32.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         8803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |          53      0.14%      0.14% |       23845     61.18%     61.31% |        2169      5.56%     66.88% |       12910     33.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        38977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |         721      4.78%      4.78% |        2800     18.56%     23.33% |        3975     26.34%     49.68% |        7593     50.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        15089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         324      1.22%      1.22% |        3577     13.42%     14.64% |        3855     14.47%     29.11% |       18890     70.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        26646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   274578916     98.49%     98.49% |     3991696      1.43%     99.93% |       93277      0.03%     99.96% |      115613      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    278779502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1847766855     96.32%     96.32% |    70576993      3.68%    100.00% |       37094      0.00%    100.00% |       41136      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1918422078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      254013     74.96%     74.96% |       63298     18.68%     93.64% |        2710      0.80%     94.44% |       18830      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       338851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |      498628     87.80%     87.80% |       68593     12.08%     99.88% |           4      0.00%     99.88% |         704      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       567929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1016195     89.21%     89.21% |      108345      9.51%     98.72% |        4922      0.43%     99.16% |        9612      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1139074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      493699     95.43%     95.43% |       17109      3.31%     98.73% |        1217      0.24%     98.97% |        5343      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       517368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        7263     29.54%     29.54% |       16927     68.84%     98.37% |         102      0.41%     98.79% |         298      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        24590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         783     29.18%     29.18% |         745     27.77%     56.95% |         677     25.23%     82.18% |         478     17.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        8902     29.37%     29.37% |        5389     17.78%     47.14% |        5677     18.73%     65.87% |       10346     34.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        30314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           4      8.51%      8.51% |          21     44.68%     53.19% |          15     31.91%     85.11% |           7     14.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    77414927     80.57%     80.57% |    17509571     18.22%     98.79% |      543522      0.57%     99.36% |      617528      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     96085548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    39332930     73.54%     73.54% |    12775954     23.89%     97.42% |      598472      1.12%     98.54% |      779769      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     53487125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      697750     89.70%     89.70% |       77562      9.97%     99.67% |          51      0.01%     99.68% |        2488      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       777851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      980577     78.29%     78.29% |      217335     17.35%     95.65% |       14041      1.12%     96.77% |       40468      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1252421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      262832     65.95%     65.95% |      113553     28.49%     94.44% |        6108      1.53%     95.97% |       16058      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       398551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         950      6.20%      6.20% |        5470     35.70%     41.90% |        1108      7.23%     49.14% |        7793     50.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        15321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       14958     22.93%     22.93% |       11686     17.91%     40.84% |        4225      6.48%     47.31% |       34377     52.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        65246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           7      8.14%      8.14% |          29     33.72%     41.86% |          31     36.05%     77.91% |          19     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       25299     60.24%     60.24% |        9212     21.94%     82.18% |        3853      9.17%     91.35% |        3632      8.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        41996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       41894     31.29%     31.29% |       40017     29.89%     61.18% |       31237     23.33%     84.52% |       20731     15.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       133879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         128     30.62%     30.62% |         174     41.63%     72.25% |          28      6.70%     78.95% |          88     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         107      1.22%      1.22% |        3996     45.58%     46.80% |        1811     20.66%     67.46% |        2853     32.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         8767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |          53      0.14%      0.14% |       23845     61.18%     61.31% |        2169      5.56%     66.88% |       12910     33.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        38977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1      2.78%      2.78% |          18     50.00%     52.78% |          11     30.56%     83.33% |           6     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      490811     96.14%     96.14% |       13914      2.73%     98.87% |         952      0.19%     99.05% |        4833      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       510510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        7263     29.54%     29.54% |       16927     68.84%     98.37% |         102      0.41%     98.79% |         298      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        24590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        2888     42.11%     42.11% |        3195     46.59%     88.70% |         265      3.86%     92.56% |         510      7.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         6858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      239425     72.46%     72.46% |       80024     24.22%     96.68% |        2521      0.76%     97.44% |        8464      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       330434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       23407     34.36%     34.36% |       33529     49.22%     83.59% |        3587      5.27%     88.85% |        7594     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        68117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     1370539     91.10%     91.10% |      109889      7.30%     98.41% |       11605      0.77%     99.18% |       12320      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1504353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2356     42.15%     42.15% |        1147     20.52%     62.68% |        1042     18.64%     81.32% |        1044     18.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      459578     90.25%     90.25% |       38543      7.57%     97.82% |        5969      1.17%     98.99% |        5123      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       509213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6767     49.86%     49.86% |        2238     16.49%     66.35% |        2357     17.37%     83.72% |        2210     16.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4381     44.33%     44.33% |        2207     22.33%     66.67% |        1474     14.92%     81.58% |        1820     18.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         114     10.41%     10.41% |         399     36.44%     46.85% |         471     43.01%     89.86% |         111     10.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          38     10.41%     10.41% |         133     36.44%     46.85% |         157     43.01%     89.86% |          37     10.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        3101     30.83%     30.83% |        3577     35.57%     66.40% |        1105     10.99%     77.39% |        2274     22.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        10057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        6737     43.55%     43.55% |        3354     21.68%     65.23% |        2516     16.26%     81.49% |        2864     18.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        15471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          82      6.77%      6.77% |        1015     83.82%     90.59% |          71      5.86%     96.45% |          43      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         1211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          12     12.24%     12.24% |          65     66.33%     78.57% |          16     16.33%     94.90% |           5      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           98                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        8784     18.78%     18.78% |       19346     41.37%     60.15% |        6652     14.22%     74.37% |       11986     25.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        46768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      773031     80.87%     80.87% |      143108     14.97%     95.84% |       10062      1.05%     96.89% |       29718      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       955919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1481     30.85%     30.85% |        1276     26.58%     57.44% |        1538     32.04%     89.48% |         505     10.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         4800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        4976     38.06%     38.06% |        2175     16.63%     54.69% |        4088     31.27%     85.96% |        1836     14.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        13075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      459590     90.24%     90.24% |       38608      7.58%     97.82% |        5985      1.18%     98.99% |        5128      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       509311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     2305963     81.68%     81.68% |      407827     14.45%     96.13% |       30287      1.07%     97.20% |       78921      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2822998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |       13254     41.41%     41.41% |        6646     20.77%     62.18% |        9697     30.30%     92.48% |        2406      7.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        32003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        2175     26.06%     26.06% |        3159     37.85%     63.91% |        1657     19.85%     83.76% |        1355     16.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         8346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       13701     24.00%     24.00% |       22827     39.98%     63.98% |       13108     22.96%     86.94% |        7459     13.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        57095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      773043     80.86%     80.86% |      143173     14.98%     95.84% |       10078      1.05%     96.89% |       29723      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       956017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         157      5.56%      5.56% |        2610     92.42%     97.98% |          12      0.42%     98.41% |          45      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         2824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        2939     48.12%     48.12% |        1517     24.84%     72.95% |         777     12.72%     85.67% |         875     14.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           3     16.67%     16.67% |          14     77.78%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        4475     14.80%     14.80% |       17483     57.81%     72.60% |        5117     16.92%     89.52% |        3169     10.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        30244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4151     41.96%     41.96% |        2451     24.78%     66.73% |        1893     19.13%     85.87% |        1398     14.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         9893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       15849     24.55%     24.55% |       25216     39.06%     63.60% |       14744     22.84%     86.44% |        8755     13.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        64564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          27      3.08%      3.08% |         770     87.80%     90.88% |          21      2.39%     93.27% |          59      6.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     62.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        3490     50.15%     50.15% |        1952     28.05%     78.20% |          20      0.29%     78.49% |        1497     21.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         6959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |         786     95.27%     95.27% |          24      2.91%     98.18% |           0      0.00%     98.18% |          15      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          25     33.78%     33.78% |          32     43.24%     77.03% |           0      0.00%     77.03% |          17     22.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1196378     88.90%     88.90% |      146155     10.86%     99.76% |          55      0.00%     99.76% |        3192      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1345780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       67321     38.19%     38.19% |       49403     28.02%     66.21% |       35118     19.92%     86.13% |       24451     13.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       176293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         161      0.34%      0.34% |       27859     58.31%     58.64% |        3991      8.35%     67.00% |       15769     33.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        47780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store  |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      500962     92.44%     92.44% |       34036      6.28%     98.72% |        1319      0.24%     98.96% |        5641      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       541958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load  |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store |         281    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store::total          281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      262832     65.95%     65.95% |      113553     28.49%     94.44% |        6108      1.53%     95.97% |       16058      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       398551                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
