
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.917907                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3917907093500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56115393279001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 152086                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   213215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264763923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1830220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14797.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2250527951                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3155100764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     23763648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          23763648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12978816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12978816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       371307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             371307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       202794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            202794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6065393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6065393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3312691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3312691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9378085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9378085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     371307                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    202794                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   371307                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  202794                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              23672896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  90752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               12978624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               23763648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            12978816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            26982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            29197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            28338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            22017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            22206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           21512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           21262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            15333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            15970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            15239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3917899801000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               371307                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              202794                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 369549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 12578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 12613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 12612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 12614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 12611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 12611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 12608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 12610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 12609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 12610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 12609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 12611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 12612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 12608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 12609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 12609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       369160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.283736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.319940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   100.933384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       277461     75.16%     75.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71967     19.49%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11286      3.06%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3482      0.94%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1323      0.36%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          857      0.23%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          749      0.20%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          903      0.24%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1132      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       369160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.647129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.693234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.082414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12588     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.084312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.079609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.403579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           12077     95.79%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.03%     95.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             524      4.16%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6324122244                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            13259540994                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1849445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17097.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35847.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        6.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  131161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  72360                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                35.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   6824408.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1447074720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               789574500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1490962200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             683341920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        304945454250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2085384313500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2650871879490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           675.989811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3465939787250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 321136894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1355651640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               739690875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1424638800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             630743760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        299431597725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2090221029750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2649934510950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           675.750776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3474113285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 312967768250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     23585792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          23585792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12868480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12868480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       368528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             368528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6019998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              6019998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3284529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3284529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9304527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9304527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     368528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201070                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   368528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201070                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              23509312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  76480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12868544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               23585792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12868480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            26649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            28782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            28066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            21722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            19589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            22195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            21338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           22215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           21174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           21196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           24880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            15103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            15578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            10982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            13107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           11834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3917908237500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               368528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201070                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 367060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 12482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 12508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 12505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 12509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 12508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 12509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 12505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 12505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 12505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 12505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       366251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.324234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.257868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.493470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       275865     75.32%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70770     19.32%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11136      3.04%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3500      0.96%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1310      0.36%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          883      0.24%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          734      0.20%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          879      0.24%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1174      0.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       366251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.687645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.732267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.653285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12488     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.079248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.074834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.390881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           12009     96.03%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               5      0.04%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             487      3.89%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  6302880249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            13190373999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1836665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17158.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35908.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        6.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     6.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  130045                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  72104                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               35.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   6878374.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1432310040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               781518375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1477889400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             673997760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        304276790385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2085970860750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2650744525110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.957335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3466922195250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 320158496500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1348477200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               735776250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1417813800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             628838640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        298949801805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2090643657750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2649855523845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           675.730634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3474839580500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 312244158000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     23581888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          23581888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12827264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12827264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       368467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             368467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       200426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            200426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6019001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6019001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3274009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3274009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9293011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9293011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     368467                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    200426                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   368467                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  200426                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              23513088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  68800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12826112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               23581888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12827264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1075                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            26650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            29337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            27700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            21638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            19493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            22362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           22052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           21180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           21119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           24640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            15129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            15199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            10983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            13021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3917912631500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               368467                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              200426                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 367122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 12453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 12476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 12473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 12475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 12472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 12474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 12473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 12472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 12473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 12471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 12472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 12471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 12473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 12471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 12471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 12470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       365894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.315846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.219514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.958332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       275680     75.34%     75.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70663     19.31%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11052      3.02%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3549      0.97%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1207      0.33%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          861      0.24%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          770      0.21%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          917      0.25%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1195      0.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       365894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.770329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.787542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.946443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12449     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      0.12%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.071211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.067224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.371488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           12026     96.44%     96.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.03%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             436      3.50%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  6285980245                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            13174580245                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1836960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17109.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               35859.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  129460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  72445                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                35.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   6886906.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1435046760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               783011625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1481391600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             671541840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        304395095025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2085867084750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2650764330000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           675.962386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3466687027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 320395422000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1342973520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               732773250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1414405200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             627102000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        297854267220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2091604653000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2649707332590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           675.692844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3476440194000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 310640859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     23503040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          23503040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12813504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12813504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       367235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             367235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       200211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            200211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5998876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5998876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3270497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3270497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9269373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             9269373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     367235                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    200211                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   367235                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  200211                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              23439232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  63808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12812416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               23503040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12813504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   997                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            27198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            27893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            27647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            21677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            19498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            22546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            21228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           21971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           21181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           21235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           24614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            15163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            10982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            13028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           11772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3917901284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               367235                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              200211                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 365984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 12436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 12462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 12461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 12462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 12461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 12462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 12465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 12464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 12462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 12460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 12459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 12459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 12459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       364921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.341260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.220942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   102.174191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       274953     75.35%     75.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70477     19.31%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11112      3.05%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3401      0.93%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1218      0.33%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          876      0.24%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          806      0.22%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          818      0.22%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1260      0.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       364921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.704471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.708712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.925408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12454     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.068224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.064343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.367225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           12035     96.60%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               7      0.06%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             413      3.31%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  6273843995                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            13140806495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1831190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    17130.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35880.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  129066                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  72446                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                35.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               36.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   6904447.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1426194000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               778181250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1473716400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             670161600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        304168841505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2086065552750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2650713805905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.949502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3467066255251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 320010274499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1344470400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               733590000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1413087000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             627095520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        256131158400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        297791013465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2091660138750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2649700553535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           675.691116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3476561173001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130827580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 310519880749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7834614764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4123992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8685244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8512116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     239438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       619158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8512116                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17249074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7014634                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4929630                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2709235                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2019988                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1252948                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    767040                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7815373854.648419                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              19240909.351581                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002456                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997544                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           930202                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               128141      1.48%      1.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6479337     74.60%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14270      0.16%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42230      0.49%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1252948     14.43%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 767040      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8685334                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7839182049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2777518                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5968512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5839536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     165657                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       416073                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5839536                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           11878467                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4839744                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3309195                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1759283                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1434641                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     892397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    542244                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7825788748.985081                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              13393300.014920                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001709                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998291                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           635210                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               107560      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4373475     73.28%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15051      0.25%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    37688      0.63%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  892397     14.95%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 542244      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5968535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7837747268                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239433457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131832402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1364878078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4832787                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125337125                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1364878078                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745265281                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828379094                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735862124                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430115725                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408302151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353592245                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54709906                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5008914.383230                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7832738353.616770                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999361                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000639                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163297976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2281668      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676583326     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   78929      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99338      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353592245     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54709906      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131841063                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7836017064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2778890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6001999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5869035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     165496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       421910                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5869035                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11931273                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4874134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3380992                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1772761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1427658                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     887482                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    540176                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7823011311.276885                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13005752.723114                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001660                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998340                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           641455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               113860      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4407247     73.43%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12147      0.20%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    41090      0.68%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  887482     14.79%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 540176      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6002002                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           98                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                79000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                51995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              284500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2430497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2409999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2732519                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               12498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1538500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1498500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1702500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1714000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               23208564                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.414495                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.770300                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    22012087     94.84%     94.84% |        1995      0.01%     94.85% |     1194078      5.14%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |         268      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 23208564                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3805880973                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000230                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3805880771    100.00%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3805880973                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3805880973                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.069305                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003988                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.261351                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3805805981    100.00%    100.00% |       57914      0.00%    100.00% |       16581      0.00%    100.00% |         401      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3805880973                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3801680839                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3801680839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3801680839                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4200134                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.799310                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.824745                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.489121                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4125142     98.21%     98.21% |       57914      1.38%     99.59% |       16581      0.39%     99.99% |         401      0.01%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4200134                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1968749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2021356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5398943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        63838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5462781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1400139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1434311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3655461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        42166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3697627                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411155427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3845773                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415001200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3373055593                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        89601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3373145194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1392090                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1426695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3654437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        37372                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3691809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2701111                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1499023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4200134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.005061                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       116445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40599                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126979                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78003                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3987                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       931560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9142488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       624024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       331560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       287064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.003164                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0        76338                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83297                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23500                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0       610704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       282296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5997384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       334848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       188000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       259488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       253440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.191720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0      3935374                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27860                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3937885                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3851353                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3819863                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1149977                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2664916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0     31482992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    283527720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30810824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30558904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82798344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21319328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.003088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        71977                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36758                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81436                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41998                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3334                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1110                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       575816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5863392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       175808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       249768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       240048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.278083                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      5675594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        86172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6460896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6033199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3906784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1170940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10985                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2673034                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     45404752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       689376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    465184512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48265592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31254272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84307680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       790920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21384272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.019357                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       371285                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       573720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       531545                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      2970280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41307840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4252360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.019206                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       569215                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       527709                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      2948040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40983480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4221672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.019187                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       368451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       568509                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       528162                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      2947608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40932648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4225296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.019135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       367219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       567062                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       525931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2937752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40828464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4207448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1617                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.050744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      5675594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       140504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6484540                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6079878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3906784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1170940                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2674651                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     45404752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1124032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    466886880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48639024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31254272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84307680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       790920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21397208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        17026782                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       367180                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     19453620                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     29959986                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3545775                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8028561                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        136214256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2937440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1400660640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    239679888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    255295800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     64228488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006802                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40599                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50911                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7795728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       407288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003321                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       116445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18705                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27092                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3987                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       931560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1346760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       216736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       331560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       287064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73265                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15227                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       282296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5275080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       121816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001797                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        76338                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26629                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23500                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       610704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       722304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       213032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       188000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       259488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       253440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.250456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27860                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3932934                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3826261                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    283171248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30610088                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.132985                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3935374                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4951                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25092                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3819863                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1149977                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2664916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     31482992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       356472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       200736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30558904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82798344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21319328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004295                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36758                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69060                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14855                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4972320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       118840                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001881                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        71977                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27143                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3334                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1110                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       575816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       891072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       217144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       175808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       249768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       240048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.232371                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      4200134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1497961                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1517435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3906784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1170940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10985                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2673034                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     33601072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107853192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12139480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31254272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84307680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       790920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21384272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.323794                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1475460                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        86172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4962935                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4515764                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11803680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       689376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    357331320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36126112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       371285                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164566                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2970280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14573520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1316528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023668                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       371310                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       366979                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26734320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2935832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014922                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       200686                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163511                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2948040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14449392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1308088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023490                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       368529                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       364198                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26534088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2913584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       368451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       200042                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2947608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14403024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1312480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023486                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       368467                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       364102                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26529624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2912816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       367219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199827                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163052                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2937752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14387544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1304416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       367235                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       362879                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26440920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2903032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1617                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006802                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108274                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50911                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7795728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       407288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35287                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73265                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15227                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       282296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5275080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       121816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.250456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27860                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3932934                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3826261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    283171248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30610088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004295                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14855                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4972320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       118840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.232371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      4200134                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1497961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1517435                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3906784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1170940                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2673034                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     33601072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107853192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12139480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31254272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84307680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       790920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21384272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.015046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       371285                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      2970280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14573520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1316528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.014922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       200686                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163511                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      2948040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14449392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1308088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.014889                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       368451                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       200042                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      2947608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14403024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1312480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.014862                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       367219                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199827                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2937752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14387544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1304416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      11950892                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.784859                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.380749                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    10778998     90.19%     90.19% |         620      0.01%     90.20% |     1170889      9.80%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        11950892                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      11117168                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.021595                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.381487                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    11069093     99.57%     99.57% |       23492      0.21%     99.78% |         527      0.00%     99.78% |         848      0.01%     99.79% |       23139      0.21%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        11117168                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        140504                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000057                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.010671                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      140500    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          140504                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362739721                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.555528                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033627                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.151890                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   361922468     99.77%     99.77% |      761807      0.21%     99.98% |       27295      0.01%     99.99% |       15954      0.00%    100.00% |        8831      0.00%    100.00% |        3012      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |         265      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362739721                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    359357269                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   359357269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    359357269                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3382452                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.575699                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.705958                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.932949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2565199     75.84%     75.84% |      761807     22.52%     98.36% |       27295      0.81%     99.17% |       15954      0.47%     99.64% |        8831      0.26%     99.90% |        3012      0.09%     99.99% |          40      0.00%     99.99% |         265      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3382452                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56395724                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.956916                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.042020                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.697189                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56377646     99.97%     99.97% |       13522      0.02%     99.99% |        4427      0.01%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56395724                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55846580                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55846580    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55846580                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       549144                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    99.272852                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    68.520726                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.625646                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      531066     96.71%     96.71% |       13522      2.46%     99.17% |        4427      0.81%     99.98% |          83      0.02%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       549144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385997411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002032                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000210                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.456516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3385980905    100.00%    100.00% |       15271      0.00%    100.00% |         653      0.00%    100.00% |         308      0.00%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3385997411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385764434                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3385764434    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385764434                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       232977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.539010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.073076                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.437300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      216471     92.92%     92.92% |       15271      6.55%     99.47% |         653      0.28%     99.75% |         308      0.13%     99.88% |         186      0.08%     99.96% |          76      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       232977                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       433285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.896876                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.200006                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.482127                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      431464     99.58%     99.58% |        1693      0.39%     99.97% |          67      0.02%     99.99% |          32      0.01%     99.99% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       433285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       408568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      408568    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       408568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.251932                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.438544                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.301429                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22896     92.63%     92.63% |        1693      6.85%     99.48% |          67      0.27%     99.75% |          32      0.13%     99.88% |          20      0.08%     99.96% |           7      0.03%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24717                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.708829                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.278872                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.592611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      154847     98.37%     98.37% |        2464      1.57%     99.93% |          53      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.02%     99.99% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       157416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       146572                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146572    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       146572                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10844                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.838897                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.542352                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.792871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8275     76.31%     76.31% |        2464     22.72%     99.03% |          53      0.49%     99.52% |          30      0.28%     99.80% |          20      0.18%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10844                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       157416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      371285     25.16%     25.16% |      368505     24.98%     50.14% |      368451     24.97%     75.11% |      367219     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1475460                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      202410     25.21%     25.21% |      200686     24.99%     50.20% |      200042     24.91%     75.11% |      199827     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       802965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      371307     25.16%     25.16% |      368528     24.98%     50.14% |      368467     24.97%     75.11% |      367235     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1475537                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      202794     25.21%     25.21% |      201070     24.99%     50.20% |      200426     24.91%     75.11% |      200211     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       804501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          25     30.86%     30.86% |          24     29.63%     60.49% |          16     19.75%     80.25% |          16     19.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      164566     25.12%     25.12% |      163511     24.96%     50.07% |      164060     25.04%     75.11% |      163052     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       655189                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      371285     25.16%     25.16% |      368505     24.98%     50.14% |      368451     24.97%     75.11% |      367219     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1475460                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      202407     25.21%     25.21% |      200685     24.99%     50.20% |      200042     24.91%     75.11% |      199827     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       802961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      164566     25.12%     25.12% |      163511     24.96%     50.07% |      164060     25.04%     75.11% |      163052     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       655189                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      371285     25.16%     25.16% |      368505     24.98%     50.14% |      368451     24.97%     75.11% |      367219     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1475460                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      202407     25.21%     25.21% |      200685     24.99%     50.20% |      200042     24.91%     75.11% |      199827     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       802961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1156165      0.32%      0.32% |      828384      0.23%      0.55% |   359931736     99.23%     99.77% |      823436      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362739721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5462781      0.00%      0.00% |     3697627      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787730432    100.00%    100.00% |     3691809      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072800583680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      865191      1.51%      1.51% |      605927      1.06%      2.57% |    55069464     96.37%     98.94% |      603259      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57143841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       31079     26.58%     26.58% |       30149     25.78%     52.36% |       25236     21.58%     73.94% |       30477     26.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       116941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       93438      2.27%      2.27% |       54776      1.33%      3.60% |     3923854     95.18%     98.77% |       50680      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4122748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         335     31.54%     31.54% |         244     22.98%     54.52% |         297     27.97%     82.49% |         186     17.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9185     40.82%     40.82% |        4894     21.75%     62.57% |        2327     10.34%     72.91% |        6095     27.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        22501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1043     27.95%     27.95% |         877     23.51%     51.46% |         938     25.14%     76.60% |         873     23.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       16287      0.49%      0.49% |        6545      0.20%      0.69% |     3268709     99.06%     99.76% |        8037      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      3299578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        6163     27.39%     27.39% |        8680     38.58%     65.97% |        1566      6.96%     72.93% |        6092     27.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        22501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       84781      9.88%      9.88% |       57163      6.66%     16.55% |      661721     77.15%     93.70% |       54058      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       857723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21624     50.35%     50.35% |        6848     15.94%     66.29% |        7990     18.60%     84.90% |        6486     15.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        42948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9214     45.32%     45.32% |        3950     19.43%     64.75% |        3378     16.61%     81.36% |        3790     18.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        20332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       20073      0.52%      0.52% |        4429      0.12%      0.64% |     3814893     99.24%     99.88% |        4579      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3843974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       28592      0.85%      0.85% |       16621      0.50%      1.35% |     3294915     98.14%     99.49% |       17124      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3357252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       56487     27.53%     27.53% |       35770     17.44%     44.97% |       81856     39.90%     84.87% |       31036     15.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       205149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        8359      1.49%      1.49% |        2908      0.52%      2.01% |      547083     97.52%     99.53% |        2630      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       560980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        8117     28.30%     28.30% |        4967     17.32%     45.62% |       10618     37.02%     82.63% |        4981     17.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        28683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        5020     19.92%     19.92% |        9276     36.81%     56.73% |        1270      5.04%     61.77% |        9634     38.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        25200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        7351     26.42%     26.42% |        6396     22.98%     49.40% |        7745     27.83%     77.23% |        6336     22.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        27828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2465     34.60%     34.60% |        2294     32.20%     66.80% |          65      0.91%     67.71% |        2300     32.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         7124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        8201     28.52%     28.52% |        7206     25.06%     53.58% |        6069     21.11%     74.68% |        7280     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      184402     28.14%     28.14% |      181282     27.67%     55.81% |      107382     16.39%     72.20% |      182151     27.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       655217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5398943      0.00%      0.00% |     3655461      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787640320    100.00%    100.00% |     3654437      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072800348160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8171     49.22%     49.22% |        3073     18.51%     67.73% |        2440     14.70%     82.43% |        2917     17.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        16601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       16849     23.52%     23.52% |       20062     28.00%     51.52% |       14197     19.82%     71.34% |       20531     28.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        71639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       65164     26.06%     26.06% |       43141     17.26%     43.32% |      102892     41.15%     84.47% |       38821     15.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       250018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      162866      0.10%      0.10% |       83718      0.05%      0.15% |   169496717     99.80%     99.95% |       88049      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    169831350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        6094      1.00%      1.00% |        1324      0.22%      1.21% |      602764     98.57%     99.78% |        1317      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       611499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2126     37.74%     37.74% |        1600     28.40%     66.13% |         277      4.92%     71.05% |        1631     28.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         5634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        6183      0.23%      0.23% |         825      0.03%      0.26% |     2664916     99.70%     99.96% |        1110      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2673034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         195     59.09%     59.09% |          34     10.30%     69.39% |          59     17.88%     87.27% |          42     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2135     23.61%     23.61% |        2752     30.43%     54.04% |         209      2.31%     56.35% |        3948     43.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         9044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      775285      0.41%      0.41% |      537487      0.28%      0.70% |   187031452     99.03%     99.72% |      526478      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    188870702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      840102      1.50%      1.50% |      596328      1.07%      2.57% |    53917112     96.37%     98.94% |      594095      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     55947637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3987     36.29%     36.29% |        3520     32.04%     68.34% |         144      1.31%     69.65% |        3334     30.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        10985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       13890      1.19%      1.19% |        3604      0.31%      1.49% |     1149977     98.21%     99.70% |        3469      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1170940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         140     19.13%     19.13% |         210     28.69%     47.81% |         238     32.51%     80.33% |         144     19.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        7050     52.39%     52.39% |        2142     15.92%     68.31% |        2118     15.74%     84.05% |        2147     15.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        13457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       16287      0.49%      0.49% |        6545      0.20%      0.69% |     3268709     99.06%     99.76% |        8037      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      3299578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        6163     27.39%     27.39% |        8680     38.58%     65.97% |        1566      6.96%     72.93% |        6092     27.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        22501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       75000     25.57%     25.57% |       52838     18.01%     43.58% |      115511     39.38%     82.96% |       50001     17.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       293350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1043     27.95%     27.95% |         877     23.51%     51.46% |         938     25.14%     76.60% |         873     23.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        9781      1.73%      1.73% |        4325      0.77%      2.50% |      546210     96.78%     99.28% |        4057      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       564373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       21624     50.35%     50.35% |        6848     15.94%     66.29% |        7990     18.60%     84.90% |        6486     15.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        42948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9214     45.32%     45.32% |        3950     19.43%     64.75% |        3378     16.61%     81.36% |        3790     18.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        20332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       20073      0.52%      0.52% |        4429      0.12%      0.64% |     3814893     99.24%     99.88% |        4579      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3843974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       232977      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3382455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         568105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3843974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       792987      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       665163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1475460      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1458154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          24442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9044      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              27985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          31292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          22501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3884283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        23441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1081034      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       370985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       209527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        60373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3731      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        25338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2218544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       192326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       791499      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       624377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        22501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3843974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1458154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         9974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         5474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          27502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        25338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1081034      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        23441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       370985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        20332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3863951      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        13452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        22493      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.934786                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3934786430000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56132272615501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 151884                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   213202                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264526674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2086220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14874.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259252468                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3171340842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24396160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          24396160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13414976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13414976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       381190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             381190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       209609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            209609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6200123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6200123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3409328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3409328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9609451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9609451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     381190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    209609                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   381190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  209609                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              24303232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  92928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13414848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               24396160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13414976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1452                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            27499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            30051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            28834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            22568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            23029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            25528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           22523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           22284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           21828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           25492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            15637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            16386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            15565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            12007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           12307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           12220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3934779107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               381190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              209609                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 379213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 12993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 13037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 13035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 13037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 13034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 13034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 13034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 13034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 13035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 13037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 13031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       378415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.674019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.546995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.156386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       283559     74.93%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        74261     19.62%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11757      3.11%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3668      0.97%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1435      0.38%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          908      0.24%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          777      0.21%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          914      0.24%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1136      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       378415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.440258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.521063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.485280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        13011     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        13031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.085258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.080507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.405666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           12476     95.74%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.03%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             548      4.21%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        13031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6484208235                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            13604295735                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1898690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17075.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35825.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        6.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  136249                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  74682                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                35.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   6660097.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1481722200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               808479375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1531865400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             703864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        309169011465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2091807792750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2662736451750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.104952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3476599927500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 326793663750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1390971960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               758962875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1460557800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             654389280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        303585625485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2096705499750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2661789723630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           675.864565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484875444750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 318522519000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24211456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24211456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13299776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13299776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       378304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             378304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       207809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            207809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6153182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              6153182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3380050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3380050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9533232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9533232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     378304                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    207809                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   378304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  207809                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24133056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  78400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13299136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24211456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            13299776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            27172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            29611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            28583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            22273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            22984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            21777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            25363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           24273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           22831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           21965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           21759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           21006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           25367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            15402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            15975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            15112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            13849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3934781013500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               378304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              207809                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 376621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 12887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 12926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 12927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 12925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 12926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 12927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 12926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 12927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 12926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 12925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 12927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 12927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 12924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 12922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 12922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 12922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       375374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.719895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.489060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.691075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       281876     75.09%     75.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72978     19.44%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11641      3.10%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3700      0.99%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1421      0.38%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          935      0.25%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          757      0.20%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          888      0.24%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1178      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       375374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.482046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.561941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.049061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12905     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      0.08%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.081025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.076516                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.395016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           12398     95.94%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               5      0.04%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             515      3.99%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  6461197495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            13531428745                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1885395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17134.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35884.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  135094                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  74411                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               35.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   6713348.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1466549280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               800200500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1518426000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             694176480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        308371321260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2092507521000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2662591911000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.068252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3477768686250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 325626194500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1383238080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               754743000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1453303800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             652361040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        303116605830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2097116920500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2661710888730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           675.844548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3485580422250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 317817541500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24195264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24195264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13255360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       13255360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       378051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             378051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       207115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            207115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6149067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6149067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3368762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3368762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9517829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9517829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     378051                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    207115                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   378051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  207115                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24124288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  70976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               13254784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24195264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            13255360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1109                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            27167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            30145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            28196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            22195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            21042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            21110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            23128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            25192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           22678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           21932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           21661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           21081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           25102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            15419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            15598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            13756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3934787612500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               378051                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              207115                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 376484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 12853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 12891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 12891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 12891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 12890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 12891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 12889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 12888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 12891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 12886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 12888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 12888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 12891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 12887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 12886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 12886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       374785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.734707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.462073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   102.212251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       281481     75.10%     75.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72836     19.43%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11606      3.10%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3723      0.99%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1305      0.35%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          908      0.24%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          789      0.21%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          938      0.25%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1199      0.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       374785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.551451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.604261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.338425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12865     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      0.12%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.072171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.068134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.373852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           12421     96.39%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.03%     96.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             457      3.55%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  6434533989                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            13502196489                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1884710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17070.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               35820.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  134490                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  74773                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                35.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   6724224.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1468136880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               801066750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1520922000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             691403040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        308485742490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2092407151500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2662608139140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.072372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3477540540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 325857423250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1377099360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               751393500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1449380400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             650643840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        301889828745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2098193040750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2661545103075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           675.802453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3487376012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 316021951750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24111424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24111424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13235392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       13235392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       376741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             376741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       206803                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            206803                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6127759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6127759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3363688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3363688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9491447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             9491447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     376741                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    206803                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   376741                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  206803                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24045696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  65728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13234368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24111424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            13235392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1027                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            27711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            28670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            28132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            22220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            23349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            21678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            25265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           24335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           22558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           21929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           21783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           21024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           25091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            15529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            13779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3934785868000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               376741                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              206803                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 375284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 12834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 12873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 12871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 12874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 12871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 12872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 12872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 12871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 12875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 12874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 12871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 12870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       373600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.786039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.469283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   102.500975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       280598     75.11%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72596     19.43%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11629      3.11%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3585      0.96%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1319      0.35%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          938      0.25%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          843      0.23%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          828      0.22%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1264      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       373600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.497125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.535745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.310581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12863     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.069863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.065899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.371122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           12419     96.51%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.06%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             437      3.40%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  6426118241                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            13470755741                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1878570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    17103.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35853.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        6.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  134098                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  74803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                35.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               36.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   6742912.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1458588600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               795856875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1512825600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             689970960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        308282465385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2092585464750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2662558888650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.059867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3477888836501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 325505771499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1377689040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               751715250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1447882800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             650008800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        257233716480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        301813249815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2098260215250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2661534477435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           675.799755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3487516682501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131391260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 315881281249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7868311116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7635868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15071573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             14824276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 25268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     368259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1076718                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    14824276                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        25268                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           30040944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12085301                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               40531                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              19662                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             8346073                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4907316                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3517176                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2134699                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1382477                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7833659250.698225                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              34651865.301775                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004404                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995596                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1573586                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               151482      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 11319982     75.11%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   20943      0.14%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    43512      0.29%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  18681      0.12%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2134699     14.16%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1382477      9.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  15071792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7874510143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3882754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      8062940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7900021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     217247                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       569875                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7900021                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16106338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6487346                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4401170                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2454419                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1953776                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1206010                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    747766                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7855554250.739473                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              18955892.260527                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002407                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997593                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           858459                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               121636      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5929581     73.54%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16420      0.20%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    39293      0.49%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1206010     14.96%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 747766      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   8063168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7867065960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2240753106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3134354387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1367340192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127688236                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4897904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125501510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1367340192                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127688236                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2750283041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         830393849                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601246986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077624177                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           737042112                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430984220                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408881846                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353963782                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54918064                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              31748413.130304                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7835317546.869696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.995964                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.004036                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163547054                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2293394      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1678506311     53.55%     53.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   80113      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99872      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044501635     33.32%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353963782     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54918064      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3134363203                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7869542448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5566646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11239335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11051618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16079                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     260974                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       843009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11051618                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        16079                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           22151462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9009701                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               26099                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              12713                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6168050                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3620204                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2572801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1547397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1025404                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7843926141.994720                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              25616306.005280                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003255                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996745                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1225604                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               133786      1.19%      1.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8460978     75.28%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   15177      0.14%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    44844      0.40%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  12016      0.11%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1547397     13.77%     90.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1025404      9.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11239650                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7338                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7338                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               571                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              571                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   26074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    36731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4310481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6481500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3059987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2986994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3331013                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3017489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              794996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             9818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               47191160                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.419289                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.780897                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    44731343     94.79%     94.79% |        6743      0.01%     94.80% |     2451124      5.19%    100.00% |         543      0.00%    100.00% |        1289      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 47191160                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7627060432                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000380                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7627059331    100.00%    100.00% |        1101      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7627060432                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7627060432                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.070248                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004060                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.280199                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7626908169    100.00%    100.00% |      117652      0.00%    100.00% |       33605      0.00%    100.00% |         812      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7627060432                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7618477719                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7618477719    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7618477719                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8582713                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.425755                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.629052                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.293180                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     8430450     98.23%     98.23% |      117652      1.37%     99.60% |       33605      0.39%     99.99% |         812      0.01%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8582713                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3436096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3524772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     10081478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        83429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10164907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1899418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1956415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      5100640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        53729                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5154369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411716004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3864194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415580198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3374741336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        99006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3374840342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2509716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71804                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2581520                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7312192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        64744                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7376936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2833750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1548829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4382579                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            66                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.007777                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       172105                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48988                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       186407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        75322                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        34142                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0      1376840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       391904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13421304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       918560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       602576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2458224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       296640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       117544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.004781                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       110726                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40164                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       120264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1        63477                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        44803                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7391                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0       885808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       321312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8659008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       507816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       358424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       982656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       266904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        59128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.192260                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0      3963200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3969840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3870434                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3837018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1156906                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2670373                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0     31705600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       284496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    285828480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30963472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30696144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     83297232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21362984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.005999                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       136548                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       147969                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78825                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        56457                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3484                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12950                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      1092384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       338368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10653768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       630600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       451656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1585728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       250848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       103600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.287016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      5896788                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       108546                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6699135                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6185904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4013600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1226720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2705407                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     47174304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       868368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    482337720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     49487232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32108800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88323840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21643256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.019823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       381168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       590388                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       544530                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      3049344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42507936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4356240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.019667                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       378281                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       585698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       540554                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      3026248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42170256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4324432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.019640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       378035                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       584750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       540673                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      3024280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42102000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4325384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.019582                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       376725                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       583128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       538383                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3013800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41985216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4307064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.052431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      5896788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       167010                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6733838                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6238800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4013600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1226720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2707154                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     47174304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1336080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    484836336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     49910400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32108800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88323840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21657232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        17690364                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       442566                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     20201500                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     30757200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3715044                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8126454                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        141522912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3540528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1454508000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    246057600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    267483168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     65011632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010132                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48988                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       162563                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        82666                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       391904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11704536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       661328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005421                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       172105                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        23844                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32154                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        75322                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        34142                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1376840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1716768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       257232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       602576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2458224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       296640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       117544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006561                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40164                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       106447                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34447                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       321312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7664184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       275576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003002                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       110726                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13817                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29030                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        44803                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7391                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       885808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       994824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       232240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       358424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       982656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       266904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        59128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.251044                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3959481                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3841283                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       284496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    285082632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30730264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3963200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10359                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29151                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3837018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1156906                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2670373                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     31705600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       745848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30696144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     83297232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21362984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008143                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       132331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       338368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9527832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       387072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003855                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       136548                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15638                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30441                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        56457                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3484                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12950                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1092384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1125936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       243528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       451656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1585728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       250848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       103600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.239536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      4382579                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1543261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1564789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4013600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1226720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2705407                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     35060632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    111114792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12518312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32108800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88323840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21643256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.334496                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1514209                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       108546                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5155874                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4621115                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12113672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       868368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    371222928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36968920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015452                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       381168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       209193                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167666                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3049344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15061896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1341328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       381195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       376864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27446040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3014912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015324                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       378281                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       207393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166580                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3026248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14932296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1332640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024011                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       378305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373974                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27237960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2991792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       378035                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206699                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3024280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14882328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1335896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023995                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       378051                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373686                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27219672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2989488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015253                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       376725                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206387                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3013800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14859864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1327984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       376741                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       372385                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27125352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2979080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000011                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       162563                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        82666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       391904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11704536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       661328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006561                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40164                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       106447                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34447                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       321312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7664184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       275576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.251044                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3959481                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3841283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       284496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    285082632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30730264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.008143                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       132331                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       338368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9527832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       387072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.239536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      4382579                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1543261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1564789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4013600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1226720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2705407                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     35060632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    111114792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12518312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32108800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88323840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21643256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.015452                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       381168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       209193                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      3049344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15061896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1341328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.015324                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       378281                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       207393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166580                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      3026248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14932296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1332640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.015285                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       378035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206699                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166987                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      3024280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14882328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1335896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.015253                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       376725                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206387                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      3013800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14859864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1327984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      24279198                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.792041                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.392035                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21878155     90.11%     90.11% |        2133      0.01%     90.12% |     2397039      9.87%     99.99% |         511      0.00%     99.99% |        1242      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        24279198                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22604448                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.024623                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.410082                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22496579     99.52%     99.52% |       49096      0.22%     99.74% |        1833      0.01%     99.75% |        2776      0.01%     99.76% |       53815      0.24%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22604448                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        307514                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000098                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.014870                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      307500    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          307514                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727600841                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.558747                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033873                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.175514                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   725956950     99.77%     99.77% |     1531951      0.21%     99.98% |       55121      0.01%     99.99% |       32220      0.00%    100.00% |       17797      0.00%    100.00% |        6089      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |         534      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727600841                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    720765466                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   720765466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    720765466                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6835375                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.476562                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.670740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.874883                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5191484     75.95%     75.95% |     1531951     22.41%     98.36% |       55121      0.81%     99.17% |       32220      0.47%     99.64% |       17797      0.26%     99.90% |        6089      0.09%     99.99% |          81      0.00%     99.99% |         534      0.01%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6835375                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114262423                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.966802                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.042708                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.751365                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114225415     99.97%     99.97% |       27725      0.02%     99.99% |        9020      0.01%    100.00% |         169      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114262423                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113128442                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113128442    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113128442                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1133981                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.417136                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.624406                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.592793                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1096973     96.74%     96.74% |       27725      2.44%     99.18% |        9020      0.80%     99.98% |         169      0.01%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1133981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783533965                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000240                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.485996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6783496826    100.00%    100.00% |       34325      0.00%    100.00% |        1488      0.00%    100.00% |         703      0.00%    100.00% |         429      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6783533965                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783000080                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6783000080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6783000080                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       533885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.420229                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.042798                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.212338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      496746     93.04%     93.04% |       34325      6.43%     99.47% |        1488      0.28%     99.75% |         703      0.13%     99.88% |         429      0.08%     99.96% |         168      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       533885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       953263                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.810729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.190886                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.133285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      949479     99.60%     99.60% |        3512      0.37%     99.97% |         144      0.02%     99.99% |          69      0.01%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       953263                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       901209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      901209    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       901209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        52054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.159815                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.513536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.034614                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       48270     92.73%     92.73% |        3512      6.75%     99.48% |         144      0.28%     99.75% |          69      0.13%     99.89% |          40      0.08%     99.96% |          15      0.03%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        52054                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.762107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.310017                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.113759                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      349575     98.48%     98.48% |        5166      1.46%     99.94% |         115      0.03%     99.97% |          67      0.02%     99.99% |          42      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       354970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       327552                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       327552                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27418                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.706507                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.986576                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.854050                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22023     80.32%     80.32% |        5166     18.84%     99.16% |         115      0.42%     99.58% |          67      0.24%     99.83% |          42      0.15%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27418                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       354970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       354970                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      381168     25.17%     25.17% |      378281     24.98%     50.15% |      378035     24.97%     75.12% |      376725     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1514209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      209193     25.21%     25.21% |      207393     25.00%     50.21% |      206699     24.91%     75.12% |      206387     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       829672                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      381190     25.17%     25.17% |      378304     24.98%     50.16% |      378051     24.97%     75.12% |      376741     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1514286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      209609     25.21%     25.21% |      207809     25.00%     50.21% |      207115     24.91%     75.12% |      206803     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       831336                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          27     32.53%     32.53% |          24     28.92%     61.45% |          16     19.28%     80.72% |          16     19.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           83                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      167666     25.13%     25.13% |      166580     24.97%     50.09% |      166987     25.03%     75.12% |      165998     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       667231                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      381168     25.17%     25.17% |      378281     24.98%     50.15% |      378035     24.97%     75.12% |      376725     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1514209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      209188     25.21%     25.21% |      207392     25.00%     50.21% |      206699     24.91%     75.12% |      206387     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       829666                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      167666     25.13%     25.13% |      166580     24.97%     50.09% |      166987     25.03%     75.12% |      165998     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       667231                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      381168     25.17%     25.17% |      378281     24.98%     50.15% |      378035     24.97%     75.12% |      376725     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1514209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      209188     25.21%     25.21% |      207392     25.00%     50.21% |      206699     24.91%     75.12% |      206387     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       829666                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1984069      0.54%      0.54% |     1127417      0.31%      0.85% |   360284327     98.75%     99.60% |     1465307      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    364861120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10164907      0.00%      0.00% |     5154369      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789424128    100.00%    100.00% |     7376936      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072812120064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1540703      2.62%      2.62% |      828998      1.41%      4.03% |    55295871     94.07%     98.10% |     1116213      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58781785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       36274     27.40%     27.40% |       32737     24.73%     52.12% |       29468     22.26%     74.38% |       33925     25.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       132404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      146744      3.42%      3.42% |       86863      2.02%      5.44% |     3948326     91.93%     97.37% |      112961      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4294894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1584     28.52%     28.52% |        1037     18.67%     47.19% |        1829     32.93%     80.12% |        1104     19.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       11130     38.31%     38.31% |        6390     22.00%     60.31% |        4265     14.68%     74.99% |        7267     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        29052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1181     28.27%     28.27% |         967     23.15%     51.41% |         965     23.10%     74.51% |        1065     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       33870      1.01%      1.01% |       16629      0.50%      1.50% |     3276625     97.64%     99.15% |       28677      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      3355801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        8054     27.72%     27.72% |       10235     35.23%     62.95% |        3164     10.89%     73.84% |        7599     26.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        29052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      119458     12.29%     12.29% |       78616      8.09%     20.38% |      678727     69.84%     90.23% |       94990      9.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       971791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       23108     47.43%     47.43% |        8162     16.75%     64.19% |        9320     19.13%     83.32% |        8128     16.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        48718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |       10723     41.35%     41.35% |        5246     20.23%     61.57% |        4684     18.06%     79.63% |        5282     20.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        25935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       48835      1.24%      1.24% |       21039      0.54%      1.78% |     3827279     97.33%     99.11% |       34974      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3932127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       49775      1.45%      1.45% |       29248      0.85%      2.31% |     3304797     96.48%     98.79% |       41512      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3425332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       76065     27.86%     27.86% |       47315     17.33%     45.19% |       91253     33.42%     78.61% |       58397     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       273030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       20904      3.50%      3.50% |       10826      1.81%      5.31% |      552276     92.48%     97.79% |       13172      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       597178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11485     30.73%     30.73% |        5901     15.79%     46.51% |       12825     34.31%     80.83% |        7167     19.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        37378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        5503     19.94%     19.94% |        9809     35.55%     55.50% |        2168      7.86%     63.35% |       10111     36.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        27591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        7364     26.42%     26.42% |        6414     23.01%     49.42% |        7753     27.81%     77.23% |        6347     22.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        27878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2950     30.08%     30.08% |        2835     28.90%     58.98% |        1233     12.57%     71.55% |        2790     28.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         9808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |       10095     28.88%     28.88% |        9036     25.85%     54.73% |        7136     20.41%     75.14% |        8690     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        34957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      273389     30.48%     30.48% |      217024     24.20%     54.68% |      158977     17.73%     72.41% |      247493     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       896883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10081478      0.00%      0.00% |     5100640      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789325824    100.00%    100.00% |     7312192      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072811819008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        9544     43.86%     43.86% |        4279     19.66%     63.52% |        3720     17.09%     80.61% |        4219     19.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        21762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       18475     23.85%     23.85% |       21422     27.66%     51.51% |       15948     20.59%     72.10% |       21605     27.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        77450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       87814     26.79%     26.79% |       56788     17.32%     44.11% |      113911     34.75%     78.86% |       69297     21.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       327810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      280187      0.16%      0.16% |      163044      0.10%      0.26% |   169555510     99.58%     99.85% |      263477      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    170262218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       13805      2.18%      2.18% |        3866      0.61%      2.80% |      604938     95.72%     98.52% |        9385      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       631994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2192     36.88%     36.88% |        1707     28.72%     65.61% |         377      6.34%     71.95% |        1667     28.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         5943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       14693      0.54%      0.54% |        7391      0.27%      0.82% |     2670373     98.71%     99.52% |       12950      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2705407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         563     51.00%     51.00% |          94      8.51%     59.51% |          97      8.79%     68.30% |         350     31.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2913     26.11%     26.11% |        3187     28.57%     54.68% |         698      6.26%     60.94% |        4357     39.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        11155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1375215      0.72%      0.72% |      708292      0.37%      1.10% |   187262875     98.43%     99.53% |      902714      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    190249096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1493500      2.60%      2.60% |      807192      1.40%      4.00% |    54133704     94.11%     98.11% |     1086647      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     57521043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4120     35.43%     35.43% |        3707     31.88%     67.31% |         317      2.73%     70.04% |        3484     29.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        11628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       34142      2.78%      2.78% |       13648      1.11%      3.90% |     1156906     94.31%     98.20% |       22024      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1226720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1021     22.94%     22.94% |         943     21.19%     44.13% |        1732     38.92%     83.06% |         754     16.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         4450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        8217     45.91%     45.91% |        3203     17.90%     63.81% |        3567     19.93%     83.74% |        2910     16.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        17897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       33870      1.01%      1.01% |       16629      0.50%      1.50% |     3276625     97.64%     99.15% |       28677      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      3355801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        8054     27.72%     27.72% |       10235     35.23%     62.95% |        3164     10.89%     73.84% |        7599     26.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        29052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       96783     26.23%     26.23% |       65922     17.87%     44.10% |      126182     34.20%     78.29% |       80091     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       368978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1181     28.27%     28.27% |         967     23.15%     51.41% |         965     23.10%     74.51% |        1065     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       22675      3.76%      3.76% |       12694      2.11%      5.87% |      552545     91.66%     97.53% |       14899      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       602813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       23108     47.43%     47.43% |        8162     16.75%     64.19% |        9320     19.13%     83.32% |        8128     16.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        48718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |       10723     41.35%     41.35% |        5246     20.23%     61.57% |        4684     18.06%     79.63% |        5282     20.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        25935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       48835      1.24%      1.24% |       21039      0.54%      1.78% |     3827279     97.33%     99.11% |       34974      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3932127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       300908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3453350      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         606996      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        21762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3932127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       819268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       677629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1514209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1496903      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          29525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        11155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              31503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          36377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          29052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3984548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        29921      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1097658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       386630      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       270970      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        68042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        21757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        29839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2258157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       210629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       817158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       631739      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        29052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         5554      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3932127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        16051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1496903      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        10398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         5653      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          30716      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        29839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1097644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        29935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       386630      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        25935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3958613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        17885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        11146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        29031      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
