
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.364431                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2364430553000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55191237738001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 137887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249943                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              248324955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2001404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9521.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312892941                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2379837976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24827072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          24827072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9719616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        9719616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       387923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             387923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       151869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            151869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10500233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             10500233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4110764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4110764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14610997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            14610997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     387923                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    151869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   387923                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  151869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              24802240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  24832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                9719680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               24827072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             9719616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   388                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            26201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            23804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            22177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            26298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            25148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           26739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           23121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           26026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           29778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           25046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            10507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             8579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             8106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             9315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             8423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             9669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            10309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             8794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            10076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            8904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            9918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2364427851000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               387923                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              151869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 387453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  7686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  7707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  8513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  8535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  8535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  8529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  8529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  8530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  8530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  8528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  8534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  8528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  8527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  8528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       213259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   161.878505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.657715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.415882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       113885     53.40%     53.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        68917     32.32%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9551      4.48%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4600      2.16%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3747      1.76%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3852      1.81%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3144      1.47%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2330      1.09%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3233      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       213259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     45.443480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    54.781064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8207     96.24%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          257      3.01%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           34      0.40%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           19      0.22%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.07%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         8528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.808396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.797747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.597375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             824      9.66%      9.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              18      0.21%      9.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            7658     89.80%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              25      0.29%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         8528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2889063500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            10155344750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1937675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7454.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26204.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       10.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    10.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  273881                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  52266                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               34.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4380257.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               780736320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               425997000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1500127200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             475761600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        202596368535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1248373096500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1609394095635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           677.122056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2068704197000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 216772442000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               863291520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               471042000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1636869000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             516177360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        220622841405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1232560409250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1611912639015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.181681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2042878441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 242602843500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24845696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24845696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13738496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13738496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       388214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             388214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       214664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            214664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     10508110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             10508110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5810488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5810488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     16318598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            16318598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     388214                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    214664                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   388214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  214664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24833472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  12224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13738240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24845696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            13738496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            25863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            21840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            23606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            22334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            21081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            26287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            22582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            25118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           26112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           23416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           26017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           28599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           24677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           25152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            13180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            13590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            14173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            14059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           14306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           13950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           14970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           13381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2364430343500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               388214                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              214664                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 387938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 11340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 11407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 11954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 11991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 11995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 12000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 12010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 11999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 11999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 11999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 11996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 12002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 11997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 11996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 11998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 11992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 11992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 11991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       241099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   159.982878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.059146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.655879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       134465     55.77%     55.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        64125     26.60%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14548      6.03%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8828      3.66%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9605      3.98%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3929      1.63%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1662      0.69%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1592      0.66%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2345      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       241099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11991                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.357935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.459298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11783     98.27%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          143      1.19%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           52      0.43%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11991                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.901760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.895800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.447053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             595      4.96%      4.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              56      0.47%      5.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           11276     94.04%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              60      0.50%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2858298250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            10133729500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1940115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7366.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26116.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       10.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    10.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  280661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  80923                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               37.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3921905.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   60.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               887181120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               484077000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1510961400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             681022080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        181621181925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1266772391250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1607198823255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.198433                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2099452145000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 186024518500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               967097880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               527682375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1629217200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             717776640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        194404759740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1255558726500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1609047268815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.976131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2081426887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 204054397250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24823872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24823872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9729536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        9729536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       387873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             387873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       152024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            152024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     10498880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             10498880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4114960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4114960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     14613839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            14613839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     387873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    152024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   387873                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  152024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24797248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  26624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                9729216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24823872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             9729536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            26438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            21108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            19939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            23772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            22028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            26234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            25093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           27010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           23177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           26136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           29502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           24693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           25133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            10583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             8482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             9353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             8419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             8007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             9732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            10302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             8726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            10103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           10574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            8924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            9937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            9567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            9997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2364433245000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               387873                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              152024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 387386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  7721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  7756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  8524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  8538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  8537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  8535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  8534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  8534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  8535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  8533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  8537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  8535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  8535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  8537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  8536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       212068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.807854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.350674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.770272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       112118     52.87%     52.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69412     32.73%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9635      4.54%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4579      2.16%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3697      1.74%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3972      1.87%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3110      1.47%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2343      1.10%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3202      1.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       212068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     45.411392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    53.955147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8215     96.28%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          255      2.99%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           33      0.39%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.20%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         8532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.817511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.807324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.584132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             783      9.18%      9.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              27      0.32%      9.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            7686     90.08%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              36      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         8532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2901583000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            10166401750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1937285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7488.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26238.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       10.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    10.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  274243                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  53164                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                70.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               34.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4379415.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   60.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               776510280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               423691125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1501858800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             476344800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        201806856405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1249065659250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1609292929140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           677.079488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2069815112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 215666355750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               858581640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               468472125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1634287200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             516695760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        219702281715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1233367917750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1611790244670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           678.130186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2044343288750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 241137996250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24831744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24831744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13734080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       13734080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       387996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             387996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       214595                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            214595                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10502209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             10502209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5808621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5808621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     16310830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            16310830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     387996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    214595                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   387996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  214595                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24819200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  12544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13733440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24831744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            13734080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            25691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            21620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            23863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            22194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            21060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            25869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            22398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            25347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           26011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           23418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           26056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           28546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           24959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           25269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            13252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            13584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            14078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            14162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           14299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           13915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           14970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           13532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2364428667500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               387996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              214595                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 387706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 11046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 11089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 11786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 12097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 12192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 12030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 12031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 12026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 12031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 12030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 12030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 12031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 12035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 12027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 12025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 12024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 12024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       241004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   159.967337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.244778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.083682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       133757     55.50%     55.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        64773     26.88%     82.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14677      6.09%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8829      3.66%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9483      3.93%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3894      1.62%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1684      0.70%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1666      0.69%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2241      0.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       241004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.247505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.299475                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11828     98.37%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          127      1.06%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           54      0.45%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      0.09%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.846391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.837483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.546536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             938      7.80%      7.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              39      0.32%      8.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           10985     91.36%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              58      0.48%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2856449500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            10127699500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1939000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7365.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26115.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       10.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    10.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  280661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  80721                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               37.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   3923770.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               884656080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               482699250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1506679200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             679343760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        181725321780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1266681040500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1607201749050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.199664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2099288696750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 186188116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               969086160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               528767250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1632079800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             719092080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        155242008480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        194597027010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1255390071000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1609078131780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.989116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2081087009000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78953680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 204394276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4725940831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297393033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348610532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506641153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     802344                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160856725                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506641153                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2939984008                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033727768                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938938622                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528028975                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388306988                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349928892                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38378096                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24857813.747886                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4701083017.252114                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.994740                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.005260                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166248938                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901089      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228708029     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265716      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      692      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349928892     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38378096      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348626858                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4726891319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5166029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10361472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10179261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     263915                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       900704                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10179261                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           20080215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8280815                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6670820                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3548013                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2274652                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1477005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    797647                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4704340054.565894                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              22551264.434106                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004771                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995229                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1216034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                74914      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7976574     76.98%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11690      0.11%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22298      0.22%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1477005     14.25%     92.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 797647      7.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10361562                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4731040616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1925912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4121540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4035064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     108866                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       319991                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4035064                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8071784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3334726                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2476324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1262366                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       934736                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     581774                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    352962                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4722966842.569812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8073773.430189                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001707                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998293                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           464102                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                72024      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3081839     74.77%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7482      0.18%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25451      0.62%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  581774     14.12%     91.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 352962      8.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4121562                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4730717852                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3650688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7505224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7291747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     164740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       598390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7291747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14203462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6015793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4563203                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2790723                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1525895                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     948538                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    577357                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4710839279.931773                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              19878572.068227                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004202                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995798                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           822853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                78102      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5866260     78.16%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8310      0.11%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26498      0.35%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  948538     12.64%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 577357      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7505309                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3069                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3069                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2771                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1593500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1672967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1546488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1545990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1570989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               71960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1317500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1357500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1230500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2273860371                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044257                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269397806     99.80%     99.80% |     4462565      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2273860371                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2273860371                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.092708                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004540                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.600872                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273419502     99.98%     99.98% |      415141      0.02%    100.00% |        5286      0.00%    100.00% |        5182      0.00%    100.00% |       10910      0.00%    100.00% |        4320      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2273860371                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271302841                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271302841    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271302841                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2557530                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    83.425284                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.110206                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.860955                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2116661     82.76%     82.76% |      415141     16.23%     98.99% |        5286      0.21%     99.20% |        5182      0.20%     99.40% |       10910      0.43%     99.83% |        4320      0.17%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2557530                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    391045456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2242889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    393288345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1861728898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        30078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1861758976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           641                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2182441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2276466                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6660003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        37170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6697173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       913811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       934287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2500420                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        23121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2523541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1448612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        79013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1527625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4823200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        30758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4853958                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       980805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1576725                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2557530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.227443                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2272967                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1461923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       800267                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16379                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1486356                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4040196                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2806709                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18183736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105258456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     57619224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1179288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        95744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    107017632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32321568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        44880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     22453672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.013607                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0       131195                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19042                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24802                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8141                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        79836                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12627                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3526                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       169424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1049560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1371024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7197552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1785744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        65128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5748192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1889040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       101016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1355392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003865                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43597                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1511                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22652                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        64984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9829                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4460                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        70613                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       348776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       108792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2106216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1630944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        61120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       394272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       519872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       564904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.010631                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0       109771                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        46933                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4724                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45363                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       160178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19409                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       144497                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       878168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3379176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3694968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2224512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3266136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1281424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       155272                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1155976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.382509                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2557530                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1529409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3059033                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       980805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12659                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2350183                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4501488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1466304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        47475                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4721026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20460240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12235272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    220250376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     70617960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       101272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    169213176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     36011904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     11730432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       379800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        54672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     37768208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.031364                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       387923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       151869                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       309551                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          162                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3058176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27930456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2476408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3059472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.035031                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382565                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       388214                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       214664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       435079                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382667                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3060520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27951408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15455808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3480632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3061336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.031368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       387873                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       152024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       309759                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382286                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3057792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27926856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2478072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3058288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.035014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382348                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       387996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       214595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       434886                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382396                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3058784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27935712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15450840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3479088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3059168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.001214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22812                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1642464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.070188                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2557530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1529409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3081630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       980805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47444                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2350183                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4501488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1489275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        47475                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         9907                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4721026                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20460240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12235272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    221877360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     70617960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3415968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       180528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    169213176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     36011904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     11914200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       379800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        79256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     37768208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     12260817                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      9244890                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      2942415                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       142332                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        67698                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7050549                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     17972289                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       143547                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        26648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     14163078                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     98086536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    665632080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    211853880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     10247904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       541584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    507639528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    143778312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1148376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       213184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    113304624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.237841                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1461923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       800267                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10773                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11828                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2020098                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105258456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     57619224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       775656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        94624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16160784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        44880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.217046                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2272967                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1486356                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2020098                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2806709                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18183736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       403632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    107017632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16160784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     22453672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013951                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19042                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12181                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12627                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3526                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1371024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7197552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       877032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        36168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       944520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       101016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013263                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       131195                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12621                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3620                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        79836                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       169424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1049560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       908712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5748192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       944520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1355392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004676                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1511                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12828                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3165                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32492                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9829                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4460                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       108792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2106216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       923616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003054                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43597                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4475                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32492                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        70613                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       348776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       707328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       394272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       564904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011546                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        46933                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11503                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2893                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80089                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19409                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3379176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3694968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       828216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       640712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       155272                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009717                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       109771                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19393                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1831                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45363                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80089                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       144497                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       878168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1396296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3266136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       640712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1155976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.391756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2557530                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1529409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1617031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2250744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       733152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3191243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20460240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    110117448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    116426232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     18005952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5865216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25529944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.373262                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1529409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1529624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       980805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       733152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2250744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       733152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        47475                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1529783                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12235272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    110132928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     70617960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       100000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     52786944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     18005952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5865216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       379800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        54672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12238264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024205                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       151869                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       157682                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3058176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1261456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3059472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038522                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       387923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       151869                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          162                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27930456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1214952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030849                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382565                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       214664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       220415                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382667                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3060520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15455808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1763320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3061336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.039213                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       388214                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       214664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27951408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1717312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024218                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       152024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       157735                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382286                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3057792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1261880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3058288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038518                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       387873                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       152024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27926856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1216192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030836                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382348                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       214595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       220291                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382396                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3058784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15450840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1762328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3059168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.039191                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       387996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       214595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     27935712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1716760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22812                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1642464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000243                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.237841                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1461923                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       800267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11828                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2020098                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5610                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105258456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     57619224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       775656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        94624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16160784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        44880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013951                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19042                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99966                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12181                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4521                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118065                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12627                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3526                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1371024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7197552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       877032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        36168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       944520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       101016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1511                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29253                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12828                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9829                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4460                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       108792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2106216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       923616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.011546                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        46933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11503                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2893                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80089                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1812                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3379176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3694968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       828216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       640712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       155272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.391756                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2557530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1529409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1617031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2250744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       733152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3191243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20460240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    110117448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    116426232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     18005952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5865216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25529944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.024205                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       151869                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       157682                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382434                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3058176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1261456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3059472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.030849                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382565                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       214664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       220415                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382667                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3060520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15455808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1763320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3061336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.024218                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       152024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       157735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382286                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3057792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1261880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3058288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.030836                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       382348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       214595                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       220291                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       382396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3058784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15450840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1762328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3059168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.002186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22812                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1642464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356426867                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.327426                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017823                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.716370                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356103751     99.91%     99.91% |      307528      0.09%    100.00% |        3150      0.00%    100.00% |        4295      0.00%    100.00% |        6156      0.00%    100.00% |        1986      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356426867                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354767591                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354767591    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    354767591                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1659276                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.333952                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    44.474689                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.036993                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1336160     80.53%     80.53% |      307528     18.53%     99.06% |        3150      0.19%     99.25% |        4295      0.26%     99.51% |        6156      0.37%     99.88% |        1986      0.12%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1659276                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39944991                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.173089                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.089596                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.618616                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39834598     99.72%     99.72% |      101009      0.25%     99.98% |        1846      0.00%     99.98% |         816      0.00%     99.98% |        4497      0.01%     99.99% |        2199      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39944991                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39220003                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39220003    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39220003                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       724988                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.731669                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.041647                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.023893                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      614595     84.77%     84.77% |      101009     13.93%     98.71% |        1846      0.25%     98.96% |         816      0.11%     99.07% |        4497      0.62%     99.69% |        2199      0.30%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       724988                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875833648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.308643                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875829788    100.00%    100.00% |        3744      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875833648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875712521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875712521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875712521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       121127                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.905512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.242932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.832255                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      117267     96.81%     96.81% |        3744      3.09%     99.90% |          20      0.02%     99.92% |          20      0.02%     99.94% |          53      0.04%     99.98% |          23      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       121127                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1233413                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.180436                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.021104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.291533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1233146     99.98%     99.98% |         258      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1233413                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1225310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1225310    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1225310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8103                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.465383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.020292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.997729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7836     96.70%     96.70% |         258      3.18%     99.89% |           4      0.05%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           4      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8103                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.408716                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.483026                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.603782                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      207493     98.47%     98.47% |        2602      1.23%     99.70% |         266      0.13%     99.83% |          51      0.02%     99.85% |         200      0.09%     99.95% |         111      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       210726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       166690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      166690    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       166690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        44036                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.662072                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.644107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.036497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       40803     92.66%     92.66% |        2602      5.91%     98.57% |         266      0.60%     99.17% |          51      0.12%     99.29% |         200      0.45%     99.74% |         111      0.25%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        44036                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210726    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       210726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210726    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      151747     20.71%     20.71% |      214568     29.28%     49.99% |      151911     20.73%     70.73% |      214492     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       732718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      230525     28.94%     28.94% |      167997     21.09%     50.02% |      230313     28.91%     78.93% |      167856     21.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       796691                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      151855     20.71%     20.71% |      214650     29.28%     49.99% |      152014     20.74%     70.73% |      214573     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       733092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          14     23.33%     23.33% |          14     23.33%     46.67% |          10     16.67%     63.33% |          22     36.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      150586     28.29%     28.29% |      115639     21.72%     50.01% |      150328     28.24%     78.26% |      115742     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       532295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |       79939     30.23%     30.23% |       52358     19.80%     50.04% |       79985     30.25%     80.29% |       52114     19.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       264396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      151747     20.71%     20.71% |      214568     29.28%     49.99% |      151911     20.73%     70.73% |      214492     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       732718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      151869     20.71%     20.71% |      214664     29.28%     49.99% |      152024     20.74%     70.73% |      214595     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       733152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      387923     24.99%     24.99% |      388214     25.01%     50.01% |      387873     24.99%     75.00% |      387996     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1552006                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      151869     20.71%     20.71% |      214664     29.28%     49.99% |      152024     20.74%     70.73% |      214595     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       733152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5813     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.04%     50.34% |        5711     24.86%     75.20% |        5696     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         162     43.32%     43.32% |         102     27.27%     70.59% |          62     16.58%     87.17% |          48     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       22183      8.05%      8.05% |      115651     41.95%     50.00% |       22272      8.08%     58.08% |      115573     41.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       275679                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      150586     28.29%     28.29% |      115639     21.72%     50.01% |      150328     28.24%     78.26% |      115742     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       532295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      151855     20.71%     20.71% |      214650     29.28%     49.99% |      152014     20.74%     70.73% |      214573     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       733092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5651     25.01%     25.01% |        5649     25.00%     50.01% |        5649     25.00%     75.01% |        5648     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      129564     28.35%     28.35% |       98917     21.64%     49.99% |      129639     28.36%     78.36% |       98919     21.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       457039                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |       79939     30.23%     30.23% |       52358     19.80%     50.04% |       79985     30.25%     80.29% |       52114     19.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       264396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          14     23.33%     23.33% |          14     23.33%     46.67% |          10     16.67%     63.33% |          22     36.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      151855     20.71%     20.71% |      214650     29.28%     49.99% |      152014     20.74%     70.73% |      214573     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       733092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          14     23.33%     23.33% |          14     23.33%     46.67% |          10     16.67%     63.33% |          22     36.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         162     43.32%     43.32% |         102     27.27%     70.59% |          62     16.58%     87.17% |          48     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      150586     28.29%     28.29% |      115639     21.72%     50.01% |      150328     28.24%     78.26% |      115742     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       532295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      150586     28.29%     28.29% |      115639     21.72%     50.01% |      150328     28.24%     78.26% |      115742     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       532295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |       79939     30.23%     30.23% |       52358     19.80%     50.04% |       79985     30.25%     80.29% |       52114     19.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       264396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |       79939     30.23%     30.23% |       52358     19.80%     50.04% |       79985     30.25%     80.29% |       52114     19.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       264396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      151747     20.71%     20.71% |      214568     29.28%     49.99% |      151911     20.73%     70.73% |      214492     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       732718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      151747     20.71%     20.71% |      214568     29.28%     49.99% |      151911     20.73%     70.73% |      214492     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       732718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      151855     20.71%     20.71% |      214650     29.28%     49.99% |      152014     20.74%     70.73% |      214573     29.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       733092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          14     23.33%     23.33% |          14     23.33%     46.67% |          10     16.67%     63.33% |          22     36.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |        5651     25.01%     25.01% |        5649     25.00%     50.01% |        5649     25.00%     75.01% |        5648     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         162     43.32%     43.32% |         102     27.27%     70.59% |          62     16.58%     87.17% |          48     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          374                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353708308     99.24%     99.24% |     1349949      0.38%     99.62% |      540369      0.15%     99.77% |      828355      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356426981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861758976     99.25%     99.25% |     6697173      0.36%     99.61% |     2523541      0.13%     99.74% |     4853958      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875833648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39580142     95.14%     95.14% |      926518      2.23%     97.37% |      393918      0.95%     98.32% |      699278      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41599856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2022142     89.29%     89.29% |      121519      5.37%     94.66% |       36524      1.61%     96.27% |       84504      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2264689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           4     12.90%     12.90% |           6     19.35%     32.26% |           5     16.13%     48.39% |          16     51.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         320      2.57%      2.57% |        3424     27.46%     30.03% |        3138     25.17%     55.19% |        5587     44.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        12469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5275     15.11%     15.11% |        9138     26.18%     41.29% |        6686     19.15%     60.45% |       13806     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        34905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          31     19.50%     19.50% |          94     59.12%     78.62% |          15      9.43%     88.05% |          19     11.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         109      1.10%      1.10% |        3526     35.59%     36.69% |        4460     45.02%     81.71% |        1812     18.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         9907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       11828     52.79%     52.79% |        4521     20.18%     72.96% |        3165     14.13%     87.09% |        2893     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        22407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1306018     89.39%     89.39% |       55888      3.83%     93.22% |       34296      2.35%     95.57% |       64758      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1460960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      966945     88.18%     88.18% |       75301      6.87%     95.05% |        9296      0.85%     95.90% |       44997      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1096539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      533742     84.22%     84.22% |       38229      6.03%     90.26% |       27016      4.26%     94.52% |       34726      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       633713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |     1486356     91.92%     91.92% |       79836      4.94%     96.86% |        5476      0.34%     97.19% |       45363      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1617031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |      723076     93.04%     93.04% |       19580      2.52%     95.56% |        4288      0.55%     96.12% |       30183      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       777127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |      966949     88.18%     88.18% |       75307      6.87%     95.05% |        9301      0.85%     95.90% |       45013      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1096570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1519813     91.59%     91.59% |       74445      4.49%     96.08% |       16188      0.98%     97.06% |       48830      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1659276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       30078     24.83%     24.83% |       37170     30.69%     55.52% |       23121     19.09%     74.61% |       30758     25.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       121127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      474959     94.41%     94.41% |       15273      3.04%     97.45% |        2775      0.55%     98.00% |       10067      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       503074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2024     14.54%     14.54% |        3449     24.78%     39.32% |        4032     28.97%     68.28% |        4415     31.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        13920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |   274508788     99.79%     99.79% |      228222      0.08%     99.87% |      149129      0.05%     99.92% |      212121      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    275098260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1861728898     99.25%     99.25% |     6660003      0.36%     99.61% |     2500420      0.13%     99.74% |     4823200      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1875712521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      248113     90.54%     90.54% |        4301      1.57%     92.11% |        1508      0.55%     92.66% |       20100      7.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       274022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1057560     89.87%     89.87% |       48520      4.12%     93.99% |       28219      2.40%     96.39% |       42496      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1176795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         797     20.96%     20.96% |        1503     39.52%     60.48% |         753     19.80%     80.28% |         750     19.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         3803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         109      1.10%      1.10% |        3526     35.59%     36.69% |        4460     45.02%     81.71% |        1812     18.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         9907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          92      0.87%      0.87% |        3844     36.51%     37.39% |         788      7.48%     44.87% |        5804     55.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        10528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           4     12.90%     12.90% |           6     19.35%     32.26% |           5     16.13%     48.39% |          16     51.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          53     10.33%     10.33% |          69     13.45%     23.78% |         144     28.07%     51.85% |         247     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         127      1.18%      1.18% |        3006     27.86%     29.04% |        2542     23.56%     52.60% |        5114     47.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        10789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         123      1.27%      1.27% |        2233     23.14%     24.42% |        1506     15.61%     40.03% |        5786     59.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         9648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    17958227     99.13%     99.13% |      102050      0.56%     99.70% |       12580      0.07%     99.77% |       42220      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     18115077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       16492     34.41%     34.41% |       28811     60.12%     94.53% |         546      1.14%     95.67% |        2074      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        47923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       48384     68.02%     68.02% |       16907     23.77%     91.79% |        1166      1.64%     93.43% |        4672      6.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        71129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          13      1.90%      1.90% |         176     25.77%     27.67% |         264     38.65%     66.33% |         230     33.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         172      1.52%      1.52% |        3223     28.44%     29.95% |        2700     23.82%     53.78% |        5239     46.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        11334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |      206933     75.62%     75.62% |       54344     19.86%     95.48% |        2847      1.04%     96.52% |        9525      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       273649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |      178813     94.95%     94.95% |        6690      3.55%     98.50% |         275      0.15%     98.65% |        2546      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       188324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |          20     80.00%     80.00% |           5     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          10     30.30%     30.30% |          17     51.52%     81.82% |           3      9.09%     90.91% |           3      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       65060     49.62%     49.62% |       49037     37.40%     87.02% |        4738      3.61%     90.63% |       12284      9.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       131119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    59467241     97.17%     97.17% |      879927      1.44%     98.60% |      358534      0.59%     99.19% |      495456      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     61201158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    37975537     95.57%     95.57% |      820927      2.07%     97.63% |      380949      0.96%     98.59% |      559623      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     39737036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      914101     91.20%     91.20% |       52569      5.24%     96.44% |        2963      0.30%     96.74% |       32674      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1002307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         180     18.05%     18.05% |         242     24.27%     42.33% |         332     33.30%     75.63% |         243     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        4163     41.50%     41.50% |        2144     21.37%     62.88% |        1712     17.07%     79.94% |        2012     20.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        10031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          31     19.50%     19.50% |          94     59.12%     78.62% |          15      9.43%     88.05% |          19     11.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |       47109     68.35%     68.35% |        7116     10.33%     78.68% |         303      0.44%     79.12% |       14391     20.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        68919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      686224     80.78%     80.78% |       50510      5.95%     86.73% |        7860      0.93%     87.66% |      104852     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       849446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          10     17.86%     17.86% |          18     32.14%     50.00% |          12     21.43%     71.43% |          16     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |      901889     93.42%     93.42% |       26270      2.72%     96.14% |        4563      0.47%     96.61% |       32729      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       965451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        4458     41.85%     41.85% |        2380     22.34%     64.19% |        1702     15.98%     80.17% |        2112     19.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        10652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      474959     94.41%     94.41% |       15273      3.04%     97.45% |        2775      0.55%     98.00% |       10067      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       503074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6940     63.73%     63.73% |        1975     18.14%     81.86% |        1319     12.11%     93.98% |         656      6.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |      248113     90.54%     90.54% |        4301      1.57%     92.11% |        1508      0.55%     92.66% |       20100      7.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       274022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           4     12.90%     12.90% |           6     19.35%     32.26% |           5     16.13%     48.39% |          16     51.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         430     49.71%     49.71% |         166     19.19%     68.90% |         144     16.65%     85.55% |         125     14.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |      723076     93.04%     93.04% |       19580      2.52%     95.56% |        4288      0.55%     96.12% |       30183      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       777127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1306018     89.39%     89.39% |       55888      3.83%     93.22% |       34296      2.35%     95.57% |       64758      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1460960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      243873     76.34%     76.34% |       55727     17.45%     93.79% |        5013      1.57%     95.36% |       14830      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       319443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |          96     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           8      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      533742     84.22%     84.22% |       38229      6.03%     90.26% |       27016      4.26%     94.52% |       34726      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       633713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      523818     96.45%     96.45% |       10291      1.89%     98.35% |        1203      0.22%     98.57% |        7770      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       543082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          53     10.33%     10.33% |          69     13.45%     23.78% |         144     28.07%     51.85% |         247     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           9     90.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      962485     89.66%     89.66% |       69476      6.47%     96.14% |        4129      0.38%     96.52% |       37346      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1073436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1780424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         777127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1073436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1076757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         100038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        732718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1529409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       543082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1073949      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       733152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        2094673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1096570      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             159      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1262202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       796691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       462186      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       258966      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       538412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         4670      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        21365      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1073436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          159      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          280      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         6868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         9853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         4065      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS          906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       544097      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       523518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        93702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         8979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       534144      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        92820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         5532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       309412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        31873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       733092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          280      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         4065      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock          906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        92820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         4670      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       538412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       534144      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1073436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        11334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        12678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         6868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         9853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        796691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       796691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        464773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       267945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       732718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       732718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        31873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       544097      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       309412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        93702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       733092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          159      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.514982                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2514982380000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55341789565001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   248476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              247805277                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2299388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10149.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390274970                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2521785095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     28104832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          28104832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11269888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11269888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       439138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             439138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       176092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            176092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11174962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11174962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4481100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4481100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15656062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            15656062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     439138                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    176092                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   439138                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  176092                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              28078784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  26048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11270144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               28104832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11269888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   407                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            29380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            24358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            23289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            26829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            25228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            23799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            27873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            29917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            28261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           29949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           29430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           33399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           28153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           28421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             9954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            10772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             9439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            10260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           10160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2514980089000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               439138                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              176092                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 438449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  8772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  8817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  9864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  9919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  9917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  9908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  9907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  9915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  9909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  9910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  9906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  9907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  9910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  9914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  9909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  9901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  9902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  9902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       245009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   160.602492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.882537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.537810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       133141     54.34%     54.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76120     31.07%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11328      4.62%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5404      2.21%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5029      2.05%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4787      1.95%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3448      1.41%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2452      1.00%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3300      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       245009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.306403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    51.603895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9577     96.72%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          260      2.63%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           35      0.35%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           19      0.19%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.783882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.771713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.639373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1091     11.02%     11.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              39      0.39%     11.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            8701     87.87%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              64      0.65%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3340229499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            11566435749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2193655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7613.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26363.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       11.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    11.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  306437                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  63382                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                69.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4087869.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               900116280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               491134875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1701125400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             554480640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        229568458455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1315041663000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1713331994730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           677.913038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2179450639000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 251546057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               983941560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               536872875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1835199600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             594442800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        247895212455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1298965563000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1715886248370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.923678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2153184961751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 277816366999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          29233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15293248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       15293248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       456769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             456769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       238957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            238957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11623627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             11623627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6080857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6080857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     17704483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            17704483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     456769                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    238957                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   456769                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  238957                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              29219200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               15293376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               29233216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            15293248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            30105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            26038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            25092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            27706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            26430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            25530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            28874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            30986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            26420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            29300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           30379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           27273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           30478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           33316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           28884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           29739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            15704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            13682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            14655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            13861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            15137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            16011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            14265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            15614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           15882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           14184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           15474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           16724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           14795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           15363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2514976917500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               456769                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              238957                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 456280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 12501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 12587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 13315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 13368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 13371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 13371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 13381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 13374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 13374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 13374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 13365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 13374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 13369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 13367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 13371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 13361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 13362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 13361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       274208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.331661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.000489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.274493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       152929     55.77%     55.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71336     26.02%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16582      6.05%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9757      3.56%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12420      4.53%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5095      1.86%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1980      0.72%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1687      0.62%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2422      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       274208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.170646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    63.924210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        13136     98.32%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          152      1.14%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           52      0.39%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        13361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.884814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.877771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.486319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             785      5.88%      5.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              75      0.56%      6.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           12403     92.83%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              90      0.67%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        13361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3373018250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            11933330750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2282750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7388.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26138.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    11.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  329148                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  92154                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3614895.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   60.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1011883320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               552118875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1779375000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             760110480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        208308856950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1333690436250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1711177796955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           677.060688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2210617578000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 220378794500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1092699720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               596215125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1895322000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             796145760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        221491022940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1322127132750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1713073554375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           677.810781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2192008377500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 238992951250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     28075712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          28075712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11273344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11273344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       438683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             438683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       176146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            176146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11163383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             11163383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4482474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4482474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15645858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            15645858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     438683                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    176146                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   438683                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  176146                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              28048000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  27712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11273600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               28075712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11273344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            29589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            26794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            25049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            28194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            29808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            28197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           30219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           25935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           29507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           33106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           27746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           28584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             9848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            10803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             9901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            10176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           10170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           13084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           10955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2514979983000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               438683                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              176146                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 438004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  8833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  9872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  9905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  9905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  9900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  9902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  9909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  9904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  9906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  9907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  9904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  9905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  9909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  9901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  9900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  9897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  9897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       243344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   161.588270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.585251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.931626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       131008     53.84%     53.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76483     31.43%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11445      4.70%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5347      2.20%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5016      2.06%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4902      2.01%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3422      1.41%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2453      1.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3268      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       243344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.282106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.902216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9577     96.77%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          257      2.60%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           34      0.34%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.17%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.798323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.786799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.622069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            1022     10.33%     10.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              41      0.41%     10.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            8751     88.42%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              78      0.79%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3337532749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            11554720249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2191250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7615.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26365.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       11.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    11.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  306620                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  64435                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4090535.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   60.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               894325320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               487975125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1700844600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             554694480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        228849730065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1315672126500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1713234712170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           677.874546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2180458428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 250542981750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               977213160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               533201625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1831494600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             594714960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        247020542325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1299732817500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1715765000250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           678.875704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2154583132500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 276418196250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     29216640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          29216640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15283840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       15283840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       456510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             456510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       238810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            238810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11617036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             11617036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6077116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6077116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     17694152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            17694152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     456510                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    238810                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   456510                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  238810                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              29202496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               15282880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               29216640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            15283840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   221                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            29946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            25775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            25011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            27965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            26331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            25462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            29073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            30573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            26276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            29535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           30284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           27282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           30537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           33239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           29144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           29856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            13928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            13638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            14708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            13906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            13529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            15126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            15912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            14250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            15724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           15857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           14153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           15448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           16699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           14926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           15386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2514980152500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               456510                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              238810                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 456008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 12185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 12250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 13141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 13469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 13567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 13410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 13402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 13405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 13396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 13405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 13400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 13401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 13401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 13404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 13395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 13393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 13390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 13390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       273976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.369609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.170744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.855908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       152178     55.54%     55.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71913     26.25%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16610      6.06%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9767      3.56%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12379      4.52%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5043      1.84%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2009      0.73%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1766      0.64%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2311      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       273976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.072517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    63.513561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        13174     98.39%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          137      1.02%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           57      0.43%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        13390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.833831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.824007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.574515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            1144      8.54%      8.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              60      0.45%      8.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           12074     90.17%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             105      0.78%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        13390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3365326000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            11920744750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2281445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7375.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26125.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       11.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        6.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    11.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     6.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  329137                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  91970                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               38.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   3617011.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   60.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1008927360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               550506000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1774515600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             758192400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        208728325080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1333322481750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1711217964270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           677.076581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2209992759250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 221004097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1094083200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               596970000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1898442000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             797124240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        165075016080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        221877588105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1321788040500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1713127264125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           677.832032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2191384218500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83980780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 239617110250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5029884289                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300128156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353737767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511717913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     896540                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161263539                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511717913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2950015592                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037779368                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941646636                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529834242                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389433544                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350576081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38857463                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              313066496.382873                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4716817792.617127                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.937759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.062241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166815669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919514      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232671431     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4269050      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4341      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350576081     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38857463      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353754404                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5028612483                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78136655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143989679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142758143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4277521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10368583                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142758143                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295976709                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113797256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71705991                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43370980                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35428380                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23440565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11987815                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4720241418.095645                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              308371064.904355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.061323                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.938677                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16832508                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               128473      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107674467     74.78%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56948      0.04%     74.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27997      0.02%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23440565     16.28%     91.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11987815      8.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143990442                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5033677408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3054990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6257643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6134185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     158398                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       483510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6134185                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12387417                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5016887                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3637479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1966526                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1462026                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     900439                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    561587                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5019929170.845926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13748237.154073                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002731                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997269                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           694214                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                88671      1.42%      1.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4666703     74.57%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9278      0.15%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28820      0.46%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  900439     14.39%     91.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 561587      8.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6257870                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5031016327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4197890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8560798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8326467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     192389                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       670470                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8326467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16345951                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6837095                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5076536                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3101636                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1800550                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1113544                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    687006                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5008340694.431552                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              22675632.568449                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004507                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995493                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           933561                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                86689      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6631624     77.46%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9433      0.11%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26754      0.31%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1113544     13.01%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 687006      8.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8561006                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1525                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1525                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3769                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3769                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1673500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               211481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1845459                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1773946                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1721986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1737485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              116458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2441500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1793000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2105500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1869000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4683797302                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043613                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4674871466     99.81%     99.81% |     8925836      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4683797302                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4683797302                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.097430                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004809                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.684715                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4682837526     99.98%     99.98% |      904176      0.02%    100.00% |       11788      0.00%    100.00% |       11371      0.00%    100.00% |       23179      0.00%    100.00% |        9197      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4683797302                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4678194037                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4678194037    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4678194037                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5603265                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.442207                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.149550                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.733471                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4643489     82.87%     82.87% |      904176     16.14%     99.01% |       11788      0.21%     99.22% |       11371      0.20%     99.42% |       23179      0.41%     99.83% |        9197      0.16%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5603265                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    392143202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2281493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    394424695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1865316421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1865373201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           643                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35073223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       409570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35482793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    101709547                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        89867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    101799414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1421436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1465689                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3977838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        37040                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4014878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1714584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        89960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1804544                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5534945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        36772                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5571717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1218635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1827100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3045735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.219603                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2338273                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1480472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       843681                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14605                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1516113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4159186                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2901753                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18706184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106593984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     60745032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1591488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       116840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    109160136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     33273488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        64384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23214024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.048128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0       499437                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2       228341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       254883                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31982                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9722                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       338401                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       873816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15911                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       597944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      3995496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16440552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18351576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2302704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        77776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     24364872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6990528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       127288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4783552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.007037                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        81293                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        56866                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        28087                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9393                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        22472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       134188                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12663                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5024                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       125915                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       650344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       643608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4094352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2022264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        75144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1617984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1073504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       101304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1007320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.011581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0       126732                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50751                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        63205                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        34868                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5210                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        52594                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191470                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1970                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       169873                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1013856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3654072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4550760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2510496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3786768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1531760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       177088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.423055                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3045735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1768503                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3537221                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1218635                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15886                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2759457                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5358660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1659754                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        58758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8313                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5564364                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24365880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14148024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    254679912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     87741720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       127088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    198680904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     42869280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     13278032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       470064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        66504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     44514912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.033609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       433487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       439138                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       176060                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       357967                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          164                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       433651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3467896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     31617936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12676320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2863736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3469208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.038009                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       451120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       456769                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       238925                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       483633                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       451222                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3608960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     32887368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     17202600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3869064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3609776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.033586                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       433034                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       438683                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       176114                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       357971                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       433096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3464272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     31585176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12680208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2863768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3464768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.037986                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       450862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       456510                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       238778                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       483284                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       450910                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3606896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     32868720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     17192016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3866272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3607280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.001144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22812                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1642464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.077614                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3045735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1768503                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3559818                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1218635                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58601                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        27408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2759457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5358660                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1682855                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        58758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5564364                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24365880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14148024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    256306896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     87741720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4219272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       219264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    198680904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     42869280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     13462840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       470064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        92176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     44514912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     14442714                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     10679454                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      3655905                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       175803                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        82224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      8278371                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     21125313                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       177402                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        31357                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     16693092                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    115541712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    768920688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    263225160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     12657816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       657792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    596042712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    169002504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1419216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       250856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    133544736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.230085                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1480472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       843681                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14014                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2079593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106593984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     60745032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1014336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       112112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16636744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        64384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.209120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2338273                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          591                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1516113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2079593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2901753                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18706184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       577152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    109160136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16636744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23214024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.049272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       228341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       254883                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16142                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5658                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       436908                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15911                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16440552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18351576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1162224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3495264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       127288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.046984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       499437                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       338401                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       436908                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       597944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      3995496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1140480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        32512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     24364872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3495264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4783552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008156                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        56866                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4354                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        67094                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12663                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5024                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       643608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4094352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1112832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       536752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       101304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005917                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        81293                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12631                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5039                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        22472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        67094                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       125915                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       650344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       909432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        40312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1617984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       536752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1007320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012559                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50751                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        63205                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12754                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3221                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1970                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3654072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4550760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       918288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       765880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       177088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010603                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       126732                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1989                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        52594                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       169873                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1013856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1592208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        15912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3786768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       765880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.433738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3045735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1768503                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1929580                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2679330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       829877                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3795485                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24365880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    127332216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    138929760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21434640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6639016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     30363880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.412373                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1768503                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1768718                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1218635                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15725                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       829877                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2679330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       829877                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        58758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8313                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1768879                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14148024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    127347696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     87741720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       125800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     59751144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21434640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6639016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       470064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        66504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14151032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       433487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       176060                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       181907                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       433651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3467896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12676320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1455256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3469208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.041039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       439138                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       176060                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          164                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     31617936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1408480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       451120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       238925                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       244708                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       451222                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3608960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     17202600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1957664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3609776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.043241                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       456769                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       238925                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     32887368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1911400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       433034                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       176114                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       181857                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       433096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3464272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12680208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1454856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3464768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040998                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       438683                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       176114                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     31585176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1408912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032757                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       450862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       238778                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       244506                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       450910                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3606896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     17192016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1956048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3607280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.043215                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       456510                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       238778                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     32868720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1910224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002057                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22812                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1642464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000231                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.230085                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1480472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       843681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14014                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2079593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106593984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     60745032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1014336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       112112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16636744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        64384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.049272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       228341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       254883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16142                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5658                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       436908                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15911                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3970                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16440552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18351576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1162224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3495264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       127288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008156                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8939                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        56866                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4354                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        67094                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12663                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       643608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4094352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1112832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       536752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       101304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.012559                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        63205                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12754                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3221                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1970                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3654072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4550760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       918288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       765880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       177088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.433738                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3045735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1768503                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1929580                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2679330                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       829877                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3795485                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24365880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    127332216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    138929760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21434640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6639016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     30363880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.026179                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       433487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       176060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       181907                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       433651                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3467896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12676320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1455256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3469208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.032778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       451120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       238925                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       244708                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       451222                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3608960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     17202600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1957664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3609776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.026174                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       433034                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       176114                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       181857                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       433096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3464272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12680208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1454856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3464768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.032757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       450862                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       238778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       244506                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       450910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3606896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     17192016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1956048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3607280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.002057                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22812                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1642464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735155429                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.343927                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.018620                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.882575                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   734452136     99.90%     99.90% |      669620      0.09%    100.00% |        7028      0.00%    100.00% |        9342      0.00%    100.00% |       13071      0.00%    100.00% |        4230      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735155429                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731592765                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731592765    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    731592765                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3562664                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.969250                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.007799                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.011149                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2859371     80.26%     80.26% |      669620     18.80%     99.05% |        7028      0.20%     99.25% |        9342      0.26%     99.51% |       13071      0.37%     99.88% |        4230      0.12%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3562664                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91696267                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.010041                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.083625                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.926934                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91461496     99.74%     99.74% |      214716      0.23%     99.98% |        4113      0.00%     99.98% |        1853      0.00%     99.98% |        9428      0.01%     99.99% |        4606      0.01%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91696267                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90123233                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90123233    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90123233                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1573034                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.170554                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.944445                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.644895                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1338263     85.08%     85.08% |      214716     13.65%     98.73% |        4113      0.26%     98.99% |        1853      0.12%     99.10% |        9428      0.60%     99.70% |        4606      0.29%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1573034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852592858                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000264                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.386045                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852579840    100.00%    100.00% |       12642      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852592858                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852251272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3852251272    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852251272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       341586                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.093836                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.647676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.172186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      328568     96.19%     96.19% |       12642      3.70%     99.89% |          73      0.02%     99.91% |          62      0.02%     99.93% |         166      0.05%     99.98% |          74      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       341586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3149198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.170911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.019161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.417418                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3148411     99.98%     99.98% |         759      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3149198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3130445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3130445    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3130445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.701114                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.223575                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.799811                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17966     95.80%     95.80% |         759      4.05%     99.85% |          10      0.05%     99.90% |           3      0.02%     99.92% |          10      0.05%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18753                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.317210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.167598                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.316058                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      593868     98.69%     98.69% |        6439      1.07%     99.76% |         564      0.09%     99.85% |         111      0.02%     99.87% |         504      0.08%     99.95% |         282      0.05%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       601775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       494547                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      494547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       494547                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       107228                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.186033                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    76.833048                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.397626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       99321     92.63%     92.63% |        6439      6.00%     98.63% |         564      0.53%     99.16% |         111      0.10%     99.26% |         504      0.47%     99.73% |         282      0.26%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       107228                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601775    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       601775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601775    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      175235     21.20%     21.20% |      238131     28.81%     50.01% |      175306     21.21%     71.21% |      237965     28.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       826637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      258252     27.42%     27.42% |      212989     22.61%     50.03% |      257728     27.36%     77.40% |      212897     22.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       941866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      176044     21.21%     21.21% |      238910     28.79%     50.01% |      176103     21.22%     71.23% |      238754     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       829811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          16     24.24%     24.24% |          15     22.73%     46.97% |          11     16.67%     63.64% |          24     36.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           66                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      172541     26.29%     26.29% |      155793     23.74%     50.04% |      172017     26.21%     76.25% |      155842     23.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       656193                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |       85711     30.00%     30.00% |       57196     20.02%     50.02% |       85711     30.00%     80.03% |       57055     19.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       285673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      175267     21.20%     21.20% |      238163     28.81%     50.01% |      175338     21.21%     71.21% |      237997     28.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       826765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      176060     21.22%     21.22% |      238925     28.79%     50.01% |      176114     21.22%     71.23% |      238778     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       829877                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      439138     24.52%     24.52% |      456769     25.50%     50.02% |      438683     24.49%     74.51% |      456510     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1791100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      176092     21.22%     21.22% |      238957     28.79%     50.01% |      176146     21.22%     71.23% |      238810     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       830005                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5815     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.03%     50.35% |        5711     24.86%     75.21% |        5696     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         164     43.62%     43.62% |         102     27.13%     70.74% |          62     16.49%     87.23% |          48     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       31836     10.12%     10.12% |      125413     39.88%     50.00% |       32017     10.18%     60.18% |      125227     39.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       314493                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      172541     26.29%     26.29% |      155793     23.74%     50.04% |      172017     26.21%     76.25% |      155842     23.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       656193                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      176044     21.21%     21.21% |      238910     28.79%     50.01% |      176103     21.22%     71.23% |      238756     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       829813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5651     25.01%     25.01% |        5649     25.00%     50.01% |        5649     25.00%     75.01% |        5648     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      143399     28.00%     28.00% |      112718     22.01%     50.01% |      143289     27.98%     77.99% |      112738     22.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       512144                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |       85711     30.00%     30.00% |       57196     20.02%     50.02% |       85711     30.00%     80.03% |       57055     19.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       285673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          16     24.24%     24.24% |          15     22.73%     46.97% |          11     16.67%     63.64% |          24     36.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           66                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      176044     21.21%     21.21% |      238910     28.79%     50.01% |      176103     21.22%     71.23% |      238754     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       829811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          16     24.24%     24.24% |          15     22.73%     46.97% |          11     16.67%     63.64% |          24     36.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           66                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         164     43.62%     43.62% |         102     27.13%     70.74% |          62     16.49%     87.23% |          48     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      172541     26.29%     26.29% |      155793     23.74%     50.04% |      172017     26.21%     76.25% |      155842     23.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       656193                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      172541     26.29%     26.29% |      155793     23.74%     50.04% |      172017     26.21%     76.25% |      155842     23.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       656193                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |       85711     30.00%     30.00% |       57196     20.02%     50.02% |       85711     30.00%     80.03% |       57055     19.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       285673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |       85711     30.00%     30.00% |       57196     20.02%     50.02% |       85711     30.00%     80.03% |       57055     19.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       285673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      175235     21.20%     21.20% |      238131     28.81%     50.01% |      175306     21.21%     71.21% |      237965     28.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       826637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      175235     21.20%     21.20% |      238131     28.81%     50.01% |      175306     21.21%     71.21% |      237965     28.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       826637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      176044     21.21%     21.21% |      238910     28.79%     50.01% |      176103     21.22%     71.23% |      238754     28.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       829811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          16     24.24%     24.24% |          15     22.73%     46.97% |          11     16.67%     63.64% |          24     36.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           66                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |        5651     25.01%     25.01% |        5649     25.00%     50.01% |        5649     25.00%     75.01% |        5648     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |          32     25.40%     25.40% |          32     25.40%     50.79% |          32     25.40%     76.19% |          30     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total          126                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         164     43.62%     43.62% |         102     27.13%     70.74% |          62     16.49%     87.23% |          48     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          376                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354338812     93.56%     93.56% |    22556810      5.96%     99.52% |      845612      0.22%     99.74% |      987653      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378728887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865373205     94.37%     94.37% |   101799414      5.15%     99.52% |     4014878      0.20%     99.72% |     5571717      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976759214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40086000     73.62%     73.62% |    12926092     23.74%     97.36% |      620168      1.14%     98.50% |      816899      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54449159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2082496     77.16%     77.16% |      442441     16.39%     93.56% |       73062      2.71%     96.27% |      100786      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2698785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          32     20.38%     20.38% |          71     45.22%     65.61% |          32     20.38%     85.99% |          22     14.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         664      4.26%      4.26% |        4723     30.29%     34.54% |        3960     25.39%     59.94% |        6248     40.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        15595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7538     17.40%     17.40% |       11094     25.61%     43.01% |        8813     20.34%     63.35% |       15878     36.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        43323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          33     20.50%     20.50% |          94     58.39%     78.88% |          15      9.32%     88.20% |          19     11.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         558      4.84%      4.84% |        3970     34.46%     39.30% |        5024     43.60%     82.90% |        1970     17.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        11522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       14014     51.43%     51.43% |        5658     20.77%     72.20% |        4354     15.98%     88.18% |        3221     11.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        27247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1348871     77.88%     77.88% |      252065     14.55%     92.44% |       56250      3.25%     95.69% |       74710      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1731896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      989370     75.31%     75.31% |      247301     18.83%     94.14% |       25011      1.90%     96.04% |       52000      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1313682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      563480     75.16%     75.16% |       98507     13.14%     88.29% |       44622      5.95%     94.25% |       43141      5.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       749750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |     1516113     78.57%     78.57% |      338401     17.54%     96.11% |       22472      1.16%     97.27% |       52594      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1929580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |      737685     80.02%     80.02% |      136669     14.82%     94.84% |       13155      1.43%     96.27% |       34379      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       921888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |      989402     75.31%     75.31% |      247372     18.83%     94.13% |       25043      1.91%     96.04% |       52022      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1313839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1543808     81.11%     81.11% |      272901     14.34%     95.45% |       31098      1.63%     97.08% |       55581      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1903388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       56780     25.76%     25.76% |       89867     40.76%     66.52% |       37040     16.80%     83.32% |       36772     16.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       220459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      485201     81.44%     81.44% |       85381     14.33%     95.77% |       11170      1.87%     97.65% |       14013      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       595765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2883     14.84%     14.84% |        5528     28.46%     43.30% |        5965     30.70%     74.00% |        5051     26.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        19427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |   274676181     98.15%     98.15% |     4699772      1.68%     99.83% |      228626      0.08%     99.91% |      254839      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    279859418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1865316421     94.37%     94.37% |   101709547      5.15%     99.52% |     3977838      0.20%     99.72% |     5534945      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1976538751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      252452     77.45%     77.45% |       51217     15.71%     93.16% |        1953      0.60%     93.76% |       20344      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       325966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1095961     78.61%     78.61% |      197057     14.13%     92.74% |       49021      3.52%     96.26% |       52193      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1394232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1761     28.45%     28.45% |        1853     29.94%     58.39% |        1325     21.41%     79.80% |        1250     20.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         6189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         558      4.84%      4.84% |        3970     34.46%     39.30% |        5024     43.60%     82.90% |        1970     17.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        11522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         166      1.38%      1.38% |        4513     37.43%     38.81% |        1383     11.47%     50.28% |        5994     49.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        12056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          32     20.38%     20.38% |          71     45.22%     65.61% |          32     20.38%     85.99% |          22     14.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         149     15.31%     15.31% |         304     31.24%     46.56% |         208     21.38%     67.93% |         312     32.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         197      1.66%      1.66% |        3368     28.46%     30.13% |        2837     23.98%     54.10% |        5431     45.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        11833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         248      2.31%      2.31% |        2394     22.28%     24.59% |        1723     16.04%     40.62% |        6380     59.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        10745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    18012447     90.56%     90.56% |     1769741      8.90%     99.46% |       46016      0.23%     99.69% |       61522      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     19889726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       20316     24.88%     24.88% |       55659     68.18%     93.06% |        2911      3.57%     96.63% |        2755      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        81641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       51184     51.97%     51.97% |       36903     37.47%     89.45% |        4354      4.42%     93.87% |        6038      6.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        98479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          88      6.03%      6.03% |         657     45.00%     51.03% |         431     29.52%     80.55% |         284     19.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         361      2.81%      2.81% |        3764     29.28%     32.09% |        3070     23.88%     55.97% |        5661     44.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        12856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |      212455     59.97%     59.97% |      123649     34.90%     94.88% |        7257      2.05%     96.93% |       10893      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       354254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |      179804     91.05%     91.05% |       13799      6.99%     98.03% |        1007      0.51%     98.54% |        2879      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       197489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |          20     71.43%     71.43% |           5     17.86%     89.29% |           3     10.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          18     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          90     50.28%     50.28% |          28     15.64%     65.92% |          52     29.05%     94.97% |           9      5.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       71913     36.98%     36.98% |       96904     49.83%     86.81% |       10881      5.60%     92.41% |       14764      7.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       194462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    59845255     78.10%     78.10% |    15669124     20.45%     98.55% |      530050      0.69%     99.24% |      584093      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     76628522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    38391467     73.75%     73.75% |    12471210     23.96%     97.70% |      549282      1.06%     98.76% |      647529      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     52059488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      932299     78.63%     78.63% |      202644     17.09%     95.72% |       13511      1.14%     96.86% |       37192      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1185646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         360     15.82%     15.82% |         696     30.59%     46.42% |         686     30.15%     76.57% |         533     23.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        4968     37.98%     37.98% |        3014     23.04%     61.02% |        2544     19.45%     80.46% |        2556     19.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        13082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          33     20.50%     20.50% |          94     58.39%     78.88% |          15      9.32%     88.20% |          19     11.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |       48383     59.59%     59.59% |       17001     20.94%     80.52% |        1091      1.34%     81.87% |       14723     18.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        81198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      756728     63.66%     63.66% |      248755     20.93%     84.59% |       53813      4.53%     89.12% |      129357     10.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1188653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         110     40.44%     40.44% |          41     15.07%     55.51% |          99     36.40%     91.91% |          22      8.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |      917489     81.96%     81.96% |      150468     13.44%     95.41% |       14162      1.27%     96.67% |       37258      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1119377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        5639     43.57%     43.57% |        2810     21.71%     65.29% |        2260     17.46%     82.75% |        2232     17.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        12941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      485201     81.44%     81.44% |       85381     14.33%     95.77% |       11170      1.87%     97.65% |       14013      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       595765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7441     62.17%     62.17% |        2198     18.36%     80.53% |        1490     12.45%     92.98% |         840      7.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        11969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |      252452     77.45%     77.45% |       51217     15.71%     93.16% |        1953      0.60%     93.76% |       20344      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       325966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          32     20.38%     20.38% |          71     45.22%     65.61% |          32     20.38%     85.99% |          22     14.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         934     39.97%     39.97% |         650     27.81%     67.78% |         604     25.85%     93.62% |         149      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |      737685     80.02%     80.02% |      136669     14.82%     94.84% |       13155      1.43%     96.27% |       34379      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       921888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1348871     77.88%     77.88% |      252065     14.55%     92.44% |       56250      3.25%     95.69% |       74710      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1731896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      251717     64.22%     64.22% |      110703     28.24%     92.47% |       11888      3.03%     95.50% |       17643      4.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       391951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |         107     47.98%     47.98% |         108     48.43%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |           8      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      563480     75.16%     75.16% |       98507     13.14%     88.29% |       44622      5.95%     94.25% |       43141      5.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       749750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      532481     82.62%     82.62% |       98550     15.29%     97.91% |        4399      0.68%     98.60% |        9052      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       644482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         149     15.31%     15.31% |         304     31.24%     46.56% |         208     21.38%     67.93% |         312     32.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           1      0.98%     10.78% |          91     89.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      983483     76.59%     76.59% |      239547     18.65%     95.24% |       17865      1.39%     96.63% |       43230      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1284125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2124018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         921897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1284125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1255792      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         138449      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        826637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1768503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       644482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1285098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       829877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        2481646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1313839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1450162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       941866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       502036      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         6189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       305202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       637443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         7039      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        25938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1284125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         3414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         7331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        10939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         5000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       628400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         5101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       612534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       129927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        14298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       613126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       128451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7751      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       378869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        79376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       829811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         5000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       128451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         7039      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       637443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       613126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1284125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         6189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         3414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           61      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        12856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        17868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         7331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        10939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        941866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       941866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        507137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       319500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       826637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       826637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        79376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       628400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       378869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       129927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       829811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          161      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
