
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.196634                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4196634060500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               57348956818001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   205307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              334308365                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1961452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12553.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1536820528                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2577255312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    812862848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         812862848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    809800512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      809800512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12700982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           12700982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12653133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total          12653133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    193694002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            193694002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    192964290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           192964290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    386658292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           386658292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                   12700982                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                  12653133                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                 12700982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                12653133                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             578246400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ              234616448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              727443968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              812862848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           809800512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               3665882                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              1286813                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0          1159858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           564096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           533151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           279739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           785606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           356314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6          1185395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           208367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           463613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           468982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          524562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          361688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          669268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          564692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          655913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          253856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          1911964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           664484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           585724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           353294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           898738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           404171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6          1544587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           247255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           531129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           549800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          611121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          416749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          841529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          655251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          839071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          311445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4196634028500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6             12700982                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6            12653133                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                9002391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  31978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                149952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                156368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                673388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                693411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                693543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                693355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                694417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                694699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                695383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                693739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                692877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                691352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                690483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                690422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                690348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                690243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                690200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                690190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                  1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     10772954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   121.200745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.350659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.159510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6153886     57.12%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3415253     31.70%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       828028      7.69%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       245389      2.28%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        83435      0.77%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        29767      0.28%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10186      0.09%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3461      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3549      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     10772954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       690188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.090771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.507498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7          29102      4.22%      4.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15        525565     76.15%     80.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23       131974     19.12%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         1350      0.20%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          908      0.13%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          581      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          303      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          159      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          113      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           56      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           20      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           24      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           13      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       690188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       690188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.468429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.445750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.886292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          535091     77.53%     77.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2657      0.38%     77.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18          137669     19.95%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19           13888      2.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             801      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              62      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              15      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       690188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                174089317146                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           343497442146                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               45175500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19268.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38018.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      137.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      173.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   193.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   192.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 4000852                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                5627603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                44.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    165520.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   47.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             45265537800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             24698458125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            39635442600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           42892254000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        274472374800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        2317428972765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        488534557500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          3232927597590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           769.327340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 797889022007                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140134800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 3258608714493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             36339203880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             19827938625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            31016076000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           30909671280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        274472374800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        2249792507430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        547864790250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          3190222562265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           759.164987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 897542296756                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140134800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 3158956111744                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    765082944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         765082944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    762033984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      762033984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11954421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           11954421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11906781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          11906781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    182308710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            182308710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    181582185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           181582185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    363890896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           363890896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                   11954421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                  11906781                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                 11954421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                11906781                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             541967168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              223115776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              691579264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              765082944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           762033984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               3486184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              1100854                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0          1078738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           462953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           413201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           294233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           794662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           348311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6          1026357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           223331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           528543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           435520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          491578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          316282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          695274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          530509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          594886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          233859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0          1823852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           524285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           446772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           363728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           944245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           403638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6          1318393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           266127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           641330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           523582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          594644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          371060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          910607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          614762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          770553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          288348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4196634211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6             11954421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6            11906781                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                8438430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  29138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                149501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                154472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                640080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                658137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                658557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                658609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                659073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                659487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                660056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                658588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                658020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                656566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                655648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                655587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                655522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                655462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                655415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                655416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                  1494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples     10210993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   120.805696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.269997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    94.638871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5839943     57.19%     57.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3243106     31.76%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       785680      7.69%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       229530      2.25%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73559      0.72%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24571      0.24%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8336      0.08%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2840      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3428      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total     10210993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       655413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.920459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.609743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-7          33606      5.13%      5.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15        500634     76.38%     81.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23       117917     17.99%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         1299      0.20%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          759      0.12%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          525      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          267      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          142      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           98      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           74      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           31      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           14      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           13      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       655413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       655413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.487201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.464048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.894900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          501753     76.56%     76.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2127      0.32%     76.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18          138083     21.07%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19           12867      1.96%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             508      0.08%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              60      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              13      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       655413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                163004244944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           321783688694                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               42341185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19248.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37998.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      129.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      164.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   182.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   181.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 3692849                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                5370318                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                43.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               49.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    175876.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   47.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             40963648320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             22351197000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            36274516200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           39526120800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        274472374800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        2307683001330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        497083655250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          3218354513700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           765.859439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 812282365002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140134800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 3244215897998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             36383437440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             19852074000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            29951750400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           30640032000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        274472374800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        2242868835420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        553938186750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          3188106690810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           758.661481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 907652906257                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140134800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 3148844776743                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8386109614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49230798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     87254461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             76694295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1357610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6531727                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    76694295                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          157129265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          57385832                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            58824685                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23992260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20716846                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13965250                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6751596                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8162334213.036695                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              223775400.963305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.026684                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.973316                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8881067                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               248131      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 57215408     65.57%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  247985      0.28%     66.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   852079      0.98%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.07%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13965250     16.01%     92.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6751596      7.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  87254509                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8394099154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  513953608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    853783453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            651251726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             326995913                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   11938266                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     57957023                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   651251726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    326995913                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1369706324                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         440120050                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           520777124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          267348117                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           486510113                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          187813019                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    214342642                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  158830475                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  55512167                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5484637054.334799                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2909462099.665201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.346608                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.653392                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         77967192                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1136465      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                494066618     57.87%     58.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1489498      0.17%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  5587377      0.65%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              136879071     16.03%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 281900      0.03%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               158830475     18.60%     93.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               55512167      6.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 853783571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8390585582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3691751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7829950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7672601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     205980                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       627009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7672601                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15247282                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6323918                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4756826                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2434556                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1747111                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1093973                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    653138                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8359177284.542202                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              31408297.457797                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003743                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996257                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           896979                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               123549      1.58%      1.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5899459     75.34%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   17448      0.22%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    42288      0.54%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1093973     13.97%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 653138      8.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7829975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8395475192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  968366667                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1625446759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1242632928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             618953166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   22712117                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts    108831925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1242632928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    618953166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2644794966                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         849319349                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           981981015                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          508193025                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           914890309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          345201876                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    414394518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  308519862                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 105874656                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3058946290.753877                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5336528901.246122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.635643                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.364357                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        147033016                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              2281854      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                938452257     57.74%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 3031353      0.19%     58.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 13259543      0.82%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              253298955     15.58%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 728380      0.04%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               308519862     18.98%     93.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              105874656      6.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1625446860                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                5848                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               5848                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   13670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5111                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5051                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    20542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              4000500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2394963                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2700115                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2712474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2920818                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              181901                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2369000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2498500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               50754962                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002961                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.165465                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    50734517     99.96%     99.96% |        2079      0.00%     99.96% |        2098      0.00%     99.97% |        5328      0.01%     99.98% |        8752      0.02%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         669      0.00%    100.00% |        1153      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 50754962                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2888194404                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000266                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2888194200    100.00%    100.00% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2888194404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2888194404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.942515                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.040384                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.324034                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2884043469     99.86%     99.86% |     2849118      0.10%     99.95% |      974885      0.03%     99.99% |      143616      0.00%     99.99% |      135221      0.00%    100.00% |       39347      0.00%    100.00% |        4241      0.00%    100.00% |        4166      0.00%    100.00% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2888194404                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2862816963                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2862816963    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2862816963                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25377441                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.267189                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.537003                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.684079                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    21226506     83.64%     83.64% |     2849118     11.23%     94.87% |      974885      3.84%     98.71% |      143616      0.57%     99.28% |      135221      0.53%     99.81% |       39347      0.16%     99.97% |        4241      0.02%     99.98% |        4166      0.02%    100.00% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     25377441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       820267                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     24557174                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     89451342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       735982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     90187324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    955059059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9018300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    964077359                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6259725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       301198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6560923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1812046837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     15321961                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1827368798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.043855                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       735982                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2       490469                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       981867                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       736395                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      5887856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2     35313768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     70694424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5891160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.537230                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      9018300                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      8822907                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9213555                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9018237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     72146400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    635249304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    663375960                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     72145896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.017959                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       301198                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        51946                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       550978                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       301772                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      2409584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      3740112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39670416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2414176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.912727                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2     15321961                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2     15191741                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15451308                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     15321117                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2    122575688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2   1093805352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1112494176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    122568936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.757482                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2     13041183                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2     12651709                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12651769                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50773                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     13041257                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2    104329464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    910923048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3551976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    910927368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    104330056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.713259                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2     12336258                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2     11905354                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49062                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11905405                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50502                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12336264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     98690064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    857185488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    857189160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404016                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     98690112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.002948                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101275                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810200                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.373182                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     25377441                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     24557063                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     25377441                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101275                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     25377521                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2    203019528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2   1768108536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1827175752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    203020168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        76132323                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           73671189                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     76427508                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     76445028                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        609058584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5304325608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5502780576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    611560224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.043846                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       735982                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       736395                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52990704                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5891160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.043864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       735982                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       490469                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       245885                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      5887856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     35313768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17703720                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.537234                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9018300                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9018237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    649317600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     72145896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.537227                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9018300                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      8822907                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       195255                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     72146400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    635249304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14058360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017946                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       301198                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       301772                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21686256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2414176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017971                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       301198                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        51946                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       249780                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2409584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3740112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17984160                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.912748                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15321961                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     15321117                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1103181192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    122568936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.912706                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     15321961                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     15191741                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       129347                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    122575688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1093805352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9312984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.756305                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     13041183                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     12651709                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50773                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2    104329464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    910923048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.758659                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12651769                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     13041257                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3551976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    910927368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    104330056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.712088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     12336258                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     11905354                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50502                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     98690064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    857185488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404016                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.714429                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49062                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11905405                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12336264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    857189160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     98690112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005293                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000603                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101275                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810200                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.043846                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       735982                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       736395                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52990704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5891160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.537234                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9018300                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9018237                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    649317600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     72145896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.017946                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       301198                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       301772                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21686256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2414176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.912748                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15321961                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     15321117                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1103181192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    122568936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.756305                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2     13041183                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2     12651709                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50773                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2    104329464                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    910923048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.712088                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2     12336258                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2     11905354                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50502                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     98690064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    857185488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005293                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      25377441                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000523                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.061405                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    25375482     99.99%     99.99% |         124      0.00%     99.99% |         102      0.00%     99.99% |         667      0.00%    100.00% |        1029      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        25377441                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      25377521                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.005399                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.225776                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    25359035     99.93%     99.93% |        1955      0.01%     99.93% |        1996      0.01%     99.94% |        4661      0.02%     99.96% |        7723      0.03%     99.99% |         124      0.00%     99.99% |          94      0.00%     99.99% |         111      0.00%     99.99% |         669      0.00%    100.00% |        1153      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        25377521                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    490493562                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.580364                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.153472                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.255326                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   487688926     99.43%     99.43% |     1925033      0.39%     99.82% |      656178      0.13%     99.95% |      101613      0.02%     99.98% |       89811      0.02%     99.99% |       26213      0.01%    100.00% |        2727      0.00%    100.00% |        2818      0.00%    100.00% |         241      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     490493562                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    475245968                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   475245968    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    475245968                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15247594                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.175240                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.782919                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.926140                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    12442958     81.61%     81.61% |     1925033     12.63%     94.23% |      656178      4.30%     98.53% |      101613      0.67%     99.20% |       89811      0.59%     99.79% |       26213      0.17%     99.96% |        2727      0.02%     99.98% |        2818      0.02%    100.00% |         241      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     15247594                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167971944                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.105863                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.048036                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.313988                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167654413     99.81%     99.81% |      233230      0.14%     99.95% |       61566      0.04%     99.99% |       10343      0.01%     99.99% |        9153      0.01%    100.00% |        2657      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |         292      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167971944                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166213283                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166213283    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    166213283                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1758661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.622408                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.338484                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.754537                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1441130     81.94%     81.94% |      233230     13.26%     95.21% |       61566      3.50%     98.71% |       10343      0.59%     99.30% |        9153      0.52%     99.82% |        2657      0.15%     99.97% |         259      0.01%     99.98% |         292      0.02%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1758661                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2226619810                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.349191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016448                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.207058                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2225596477     99.95%     99.95% |      686696      0.03%     99.98% |      256220      0.01%    100.00% |       31505      0.00%    100.00% |       36106      0.00%    100.00% |       10437      0.00%    100.00% |        1252      0.00%    100.00% |        1050      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2226619810                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2218271568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2218271568    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2218271568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8348242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    94.135233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.581819                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.194823                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     7324909     87.74%     87.74% |      686696      8.23%     95.97% |      256220      3.07%     99.04% |       31505      0.38%     99.41% |       36106      0.43%     99.85% |       10437      0.13%     99.97% |        1252      0.01%     99.99% |        1050      0.01%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8348242                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1481744                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.277273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.047704                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.001886                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1478049     99.75%     99.75% |        2724      0.18%     99.93% |         720      0.05%     99.98% |         111      0.01%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1481744                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1467257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1467257    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1467257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.640643                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.499822                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.225909                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10792     74.49%     74.49% |        2724     18.80%     93.30% |         720      4.97%     98.27% |         111      0.77%     99.03% |         101      0.70%     99.73% |          32      0.22%     99.95% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14487                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       813672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.056181                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.047385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.711901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      811932     99.79%     99.79% |        1435      0.18%     99.96% |         201      0.02%     99.99% |          44      0.01%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       813672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       805215                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      805215    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       805215                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.618186                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.001322                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.999647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6717     79.43%     79.43% |        1435     16.97%     96.39% |         201      2.38%     98.77% |          44      0.52%     99.29% |          50      0.59%     99.88% |           8      0.09%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       813672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      813672    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       813672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       813672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      813672    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       813672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       820267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.966205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.934965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.721849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      624573     76.14%     76.14% |      195692     23.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       820267                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24557174                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.348187                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    92.612414                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.089499                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    20406239     83.10%     83.10% |     2849118     11.60%     94.70% |      974885      3.97%     98.67% |      143616      0.58%     99.25% |      135221      0.55%     99.80% |       39347      0.16%     99.96% |        4241      0.02%     99.98% |        4166      0.02%    100.00% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     24557174                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       142383                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.132094                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.097249                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.818798                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      102578     72.04%     72.04% |       39804     27.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       142383                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15105211                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.835473                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.495160                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.993661                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    12300575     81.43%     81.43% |     1925033     12.74%     94.18% |      656178      4.34%     98.52% |      101613      0.67%     99.19% |       89811      0.59%     99.79% |       26213      0.17%     99.96% |        2727      0.02%     99.98% |        2818      0.02%    100.00% |         241      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15105211                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2054                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.727848                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.685424                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.000836                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1177     57.30%     57.30% |         877     42.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2054                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1756607                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.692442                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.404384                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.772021                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1439076     81.92%     81.92% |      233230     13.28%     95.20% |       61566      3.50%     98.71% |       10343      0.59%     99.29% |        9153      0.52%     99.82% |        2657      0.15%     99.97% |         259      0.01%     99.98% |         292      0.02%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1756607                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       671743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.931507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.901095                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.698768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      517233     77.00%     77.00% |      154509     23.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       671743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7676499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.353369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    81.228026                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.802500                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     6653166     86.67%     86.67% |      686696      8.95%     95.61% |      256220      3.34%     98.95% |       31505      0.41%     99.36% |       36106      0.47%     99.83% |       10437      0.14%     99.97% |        1252      0.02%     99.99% |        1050      0.01%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7676499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.471735                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.453588                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.316937                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         910     88.69%     88.69% |         116     11.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13461                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.208454                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.321035                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.307740                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9766     72.55%     72.55% |        2724     20.24%     92.79% |         720      5.35%     98.14% |         111      0.82%     98.96% |         101      0.75%     99.71% |          32      0.24%     99.95% |           2      0.01%     99.96% |           5      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13461                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3061                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.519111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.499924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.351607                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2675     87.39%     87.39% |         386     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3061                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5396                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.008895                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.410670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.839429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3656     67.75%     67.75% |        1435     26.59%     94.35% |         201      3.72%     98.07% |          44      0.82%     98.89% |          50      0.93%     99.81% |           8      0.15%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |    13041189     51.39%     51.39% |    12336266     48.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     25377455                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |    12651707     51.52%     51.52% |    11905352     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     24557059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       49333     50.14%     50.14% |       49062     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98395                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |    12700982     51.51%     51.51% |    11954421     48.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     24655403                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |    12653133     51.52%     51.52% |    11906781     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     24559914                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |    12651769     51.52%     51.52% |    11905405     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     24557174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       49213     50.10%     50.10% |       49016     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        98229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1426     49.95%     49.95% |        1429     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      389414     47.47%     47.47% |      430853     52.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       820267                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |    12651573     51.52%     51.52% |    11905295     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     24556868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         120     72.29%     72.29% |          46     27.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          14     56.00%     56.00% |          11     44.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         120     72.29%     72.29% |          46     27.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |          14     56.00%     56.00% |          11     44.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          14     56.00%     56.00% |          11     44.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         120     72.29%     72.29% |          46     27.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |           5     45.45%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |    12651769     51.52%     51.52% |    11905405     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     24557174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |    12651573     51.52%     51.52% |    11905295     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     24556868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       49213     50.10%     50.10% |       49016     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        98229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1426     49.95%     49.95% |        1429     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2855                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13785976      2.81%      2.81% |   161900792     33.01%     35.82% |     1016258      0.21%     36.03% |   313790536     63.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    490493562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    69470055      3.12%      3.12% |   745874635     33.50%     36.62% |     4814621      0.22%     36.83% |  1406460499     63.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2226619810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6931293      4.05%      4.05% |    56301932     32.91%     36.96% |      730044      0.43%     37.39% |   107117763     62.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    171081032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      735982      2.90%      2.90% |     9018300     35.54%     38.44% |      301198      1.19%     39.62% |    15321961     60.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     25377441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      245885     29.98%     29.98% |      195255     23.80%     53.78% |      249780     30.45%     84.23% |      129347     15.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       820267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          82     21.47%     21.47% |         150     39.27%     60.73% |          92     24.08%     84.82% |          58     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      523678      2.12%      2.12% |     8857799     35.88%     38.00% |       80116      0.32%     38.32% |    15228347     61.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     24689940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      490468      2.00%      2.00% |     8822907     35.93%     37.93% |       51944      0.21%     38.14% |    15191740     61.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     24557059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      246631      1.62%      1.62% |     5165166     33.88%     35.49% |       67072      0.44%     35.93% |     9768725     64.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     15247594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      436235      5.23%      5.23% |     3208108     38.43%     43.65% |      228090      2.73%     46.39% |     4475809     53.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      8348242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       53116      2.98%      2.98% |      645026     36.20%     39.19% |        6036      0.34%     39.52% |     1077427     60.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1781605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       33250     24.99%     24.99% |       34967     26.28%     51.26% |       28216     21.20%     72.47% |       36635     27.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       133068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    13539345      2.85%      2.85% |   156735626     32.98%     35.83% |      949186      0.20%     36.03% |   304021811     63.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    475245968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    69033820      3.11%      3.11% |   742666527     33.48%     36.59% |     4586531      0.21%     36.80% |  1401984690     63.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   2218271568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6878177      4.06%      4.06% |    55656906     32.87%     36.94% |      724008      0.43%     37.37% |   106040336     62.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    169299427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      245884     29.98%     29.98% |      195255     23.80%     53.78% |      249778     30.45%     84.23% |      129346     15.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       820263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          41     21.47%     21.47% |          75     39.27%     60.73% |          46     24.08%     84.82% |          29     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      490428      2.00%      2.00% |     8822832     35.93%     37.93% |       51900      0.21%     38.14% |    15191712     61.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     24556872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          41     21.47%     21.47% |          75     39.27%     60.73% |          46     24.08%     84.82% |          29     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      490468      2.00%      2.00% |     8822907     35.93%     37.93% |       51944      0.21%     38.14% |    15191740     61.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     24557059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      682866      2.89%      2.89% |     8373274     35.49%     38.38% |      295162      1.25%     39.63% |    14244534     60.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     23595836                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       53116      2.98%      2.98% |      645026     36.20%     39.19% |        6036      0.34%     39.52% |     1077427     60.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      1781605                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.231877                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4231876572000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               57384199329501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122324                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   205412                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              333768427                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2209260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12679.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1550957906                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2604432938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    819872640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         819872640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    816816768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      816816768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12810510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           12810510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12762762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total          12762762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    193737371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            193737371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    193015263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           193015263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    386752633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           386752633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                   12810510                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                  12762762                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                 12810510                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                12762762                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             584777152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ              235095488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              734298240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              819872640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           816816768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               3673367                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              1289349                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0          1168457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           570760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           541221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           284829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           790863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           361059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6          1191060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           214787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           470300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           475270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          532580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          368592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          676628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          570556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          660451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          259730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          1921063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           671657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           594349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           358600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           904304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           409037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6          1550497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           253917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           538247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           556359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          619532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          424100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          849173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          661189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          843935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          317451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4231876183500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6             12810510                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6            12762762                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                9099590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  36605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                150518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                156987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                679425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                700007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                700223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                700045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                701122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                701392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                702088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                700434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                699544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                698020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                697138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                697060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                696977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                696862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                696810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                696801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                  1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     10874913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   121.295324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.329903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.858992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6218790     57.18%     57.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3440311     31.64%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       833850      7.67%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       247696      2.28%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        84634      0.78%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        30446      0.28%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10662      0.10%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3764      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4760      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     10874913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       696799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.113021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.511603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7          29203      4.19%      4.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15        528110     75.79%     79.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23       135825     19.49%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         1444      0.21%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          922      0.13%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          587      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          303      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          159      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          113      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           56      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           20      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           24      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           13      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       696799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       696799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.465882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.443287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.884673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          541085     77.65%     77.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2680      0.38%     78.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18          138167     19.83%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19           13971      2.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             812      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              64      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              15      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       696799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                175973189767                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           347294621017                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               45685715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19259.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38009.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      138.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      173.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   193.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   193.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 4056811                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                5678836                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                44.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    165480.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   47.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             45654696360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             24910796625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            40029498600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           43237087200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        276774625920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        2331447668190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        497386468500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          3259440841395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           769.184738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 812531076257                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141311820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 3278037615493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             36720968760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             20036242875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            31418080200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           31258936800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        276774625920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        2264779053450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        555867709500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          3216855617505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           759.135191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 910767641757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141311820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 3179801488993                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    772468672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         772468672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    769426112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      769426112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12069823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           12069823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12022283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          12022283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    182535728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            182535728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    181816766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           181816766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    364352494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           364352494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                   12069823                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                  12022283                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                 12069823                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                12022283                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             548335744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              224132928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              698191552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              772468672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           769426112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               3502077                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              1113050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0          1087158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           469348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           420786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           299447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           800012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           353020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6          1031606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           229608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           535018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           441496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          499502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          323042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          702451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          536347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          599180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          239725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0          1832723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           531111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           454668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           369120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           949853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           408495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6          1323799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           272664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           648094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           529792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          602890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          378125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          917979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          620658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          774916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          294356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4231876620500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6             12069823                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6            12022283                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                8533337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  33526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                150028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                155041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                645896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                664538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                664999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                665061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                665523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                665945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                666518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                665047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                664469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                662985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                662060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                661999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                661928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                661850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                661798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                661798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                  1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples     10307934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   120.928936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.260259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.426804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5901225     57.25%     57.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3266763     31.69%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       791353      7.68%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       231960      2.25%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        74760      0.73%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25276      0.25%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8801      0.09%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3160      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4636      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total     10307934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       661793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.946276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.615834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-7          33732      5.10%      5.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15        502850     75.98%     81.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23       121824     18.41%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         1406      0.21%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          777      0.12%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          529      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          268      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          142      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           99      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           74      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           31      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           14      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           13      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       661793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       661793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.484374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.461308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.893251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          507567     76.70%     76.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2145      0.32%     77.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18          138522     20.93%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19           12963      1.96%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             520      0.08%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              61      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              13      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       661793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                164821931825                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           325467169325                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               42838730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19237.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37987.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      129.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      164.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   182.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   181.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 3748160                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                5420896                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                43.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               49.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    175654.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   47.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             41335078680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             22553862375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            36658385400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           39859153920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        276774625920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        2321727327090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        505913083500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          3244821516885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           765.734772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 826886600003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141311820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 3263682990997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             36744956640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             20049331500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            30344199600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           30976493040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        276774625920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        2257973388540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        561837591000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          3214700586240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           758.626632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 920706129757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141311820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 3169862949243                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8461502951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   52168555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     92784436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             82154760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1462116                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6968492                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    82154760                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          167920179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          61755615                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            61729402                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25940167                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21925326                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14669405                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7255921                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8217267435.337362                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              244235515.662638                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.028864                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.971136                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9491485                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               269787      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 61496511     66.28%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  251074      0.27%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   855959      0.92%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.54%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14669405     15.81%     92.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7255921      7.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  92784793                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8462558956                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  522535015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    870392883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            666731657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             328341711                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   12217359                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     59083104                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   666731657                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    328341711                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1400883826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         452300464                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           522936483                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          268500003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           495135039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          192815893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    218174748                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  161021714                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  57153034                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5507429054.099131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2955129901.900869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.349201                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.650799                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         79510642                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1217649      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                505733699     58.10%     58.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1494415      0.17%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  5588344      0.64%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              137902409     15.84%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 281900      0.03%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               161021714     18.50%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               57153034      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 870393180                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8463753298                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5159066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     10621488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             10395882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     272998                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       831019                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    10395882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           20806783                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8531319                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6179503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3383900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2401551                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1506428                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    895123                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8420061693.257030                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              43691604.742969                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005162                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994838                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1189425                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               139901      1.32%      1.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8014668     75.46%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   18883      0.18%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    44254      0.42%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.02%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1506428     14.18%     91.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 895123      8.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  10621719                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8458072276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  969517566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1627693442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1244824146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             618961074                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   22773810                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts    108985218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1244824146                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    618961074                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2649251606                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         851089576                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           981993889                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          508199309                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           915970788                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          345917632                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    414928147                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  308856990                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 106071157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3116825019.097154                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5341247256.902846                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.631497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.368503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        147268470                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              2294592      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                940144945     57.76%     57.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 3032639      0.19%     58.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 13260073      0.81%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              253304891     15.56%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 728380      0.04%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               308856990     18.98%     93.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              106071157      6.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1627693699                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7286                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7286                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9993                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9993                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               960                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              960                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   36478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          525                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2373                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2703                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11659                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              4084000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5022980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8136500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3305455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3644603                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3649970                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3821813                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1407399                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             5703500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             4997500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             7965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             8570500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              102261133                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.003578                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.179071                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   102210134     99.95%     99.95% |        5254      0.01%     99.96% |        5971      0.01%     99.96% |       13272      0.01%     99.97% |       21546      0.02%    100.00% |         520      0.00%    100.00% |         273      0.00%    100.00% |         302      0.00%    100.00% |        1444      0.00%    100.00% |        2417      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                102261133                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5802125369                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000442                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5802124236    100.00%    100.00% |        1133      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5802125369                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5802125369                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.944362                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.040495                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.332884                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5793769492     99.86%     99.86% |     5737275      0.10%     99.95% |     1960947      0.03%     99.99% |      288925      0.00%     99.99% |      271932      0.00%    100.00% |       79178      0.00%    100.00% |        8539      0.00%    100.00% |        8397      0.00%    100.00% |         680      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5802125369                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5750994921                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5750994921    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5750994921                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51130448                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.163300                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.439379                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.662041                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    42774571     83.66%     83.66% |     5737275     11.22%     94.88% |     1960947      3.84%     98.71% |      288925      0.57%     99.28% |      271932      0.53%     99.81% |       79178      0.15%     99.97% |        8539      0.02%     99.98% |        8397      0.02%    100.00% |         680      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     51130448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1791170                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     49339278                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     94449029                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       829484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     95278513                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    970966476                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9162580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    980129056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8750356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       378026                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      9128382                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1814012097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     15382917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1829395014                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.049001                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       829484                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2       556532                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1102409                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       829500                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      6635872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2     40070304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     79373448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6636000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.541286                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      9162580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      8926257                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9398992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9162744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     73300640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    642690504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    676727424                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73301952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.022332                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       378026                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        83888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       672168                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       378076                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      3024208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      6039936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48396096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3024608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.908750                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2     15382917                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2     15215391                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15550341                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     15382844                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2    123063336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2   1095508152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1119624552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    123062752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.758128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2     13232384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2     12761275                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49335                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12761297                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     13232498                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2    105859072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    918811800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3552120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    918813384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    105859984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.714545                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2     12520623                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2     12020793                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49062                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12020807                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50566                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12520666                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2    100164984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    865497096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    865498104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    100165328                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.002924                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101405                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811240                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.374621                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     25753007                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     24782068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     25753007                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101405                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     25753164                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2    206024056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2   1784308896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1854216504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    206025312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        77259021                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           74346204                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     77554212                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     77572731                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        618072168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5352926688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5583903264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    620581848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.049002                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       829484                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       829500                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     59722848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6636000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.049001                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       829484                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       556532                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       272925                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      6635872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     40070304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19650600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.541284                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9162580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9162744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    659705760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73301952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.541288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9162580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      8926257                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       236412                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     73300640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    642690504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17021664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022332                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       378026                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       378076                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27217872                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3024608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022332                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       378026                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        83888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       294142                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3024208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6039936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21178224                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.908752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15382917                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     15382844                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1107570024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    123062752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.908747                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     15382917                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     15215391                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       167424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    123063336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1095508152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12054528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.756961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     13232384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     12761275                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2    105859072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    918811800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.759295                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49335                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12761297                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     13232498                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3552120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    918813384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    105859984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.713385                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     12520623                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     12020793                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50566                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2    100164984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    865497096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.715705                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49062                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12020807                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12520666                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    865498104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    100165328                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005249                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000599                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101405                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811240                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.049002                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       829484                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       829500                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     59722848                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6636000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.541284                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9162580                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9162744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    659705760                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73301952                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.022332                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       378026                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       378076                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27217872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3024608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.908752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15382917                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     15382844                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1107570024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    123062752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.756961                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2     13232384                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2     12761275                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50839                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2    105859072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    918811800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.713385                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2     12520623                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2     12020793                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50566                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2    100164984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    865497096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005249                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      51130448                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000594                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.064712                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    51125759     99.99%     99.99% |         413      0.00%     99.99% |         433      0.00%     99.99% |        1543      0.00%    100.00% |        2222      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        51130448                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      51130685                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.006562                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.244800                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    51084375     99.91%     99.91% |        4841      0.01%     99.92% |        5538      0.01%     99.93% |       11729      0.02%     99.95% |       19324      0.04%     99.99% |         442      0.00%     99.99% |         273      0.00%     99.99% |         302      0.00%     99.99% |        1444      0.00%    100.00% |        2417      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        51130685                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    984498676                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.583926                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.153672                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.265191                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   978862771     99.43%     99.43% |     3868729      0.39%     99.82% |     1318366      0.13%     99.95% |      204074      0.02%     99.98% |      180423      0.02%     99.99% |       52677      0.01%    100.00% |        5488      0.00%    100.00% |        5662      0.00%    100.00% |         482      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     984498676                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    953855370                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   953855370    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    953855370                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     30643306                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.143282                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.754860                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.919560                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    25007401     81.61%     81.61% |     3868729     12.63%     94.23% |     1318366      4.30%     98.54% |      204074      0.67%     99.20% |      180423      0.59%     99.79% |       52677      0.17%     99.96% |        5488      0.02%     99.98% |        5662      0.02%    100.00% |         482      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     30643306                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    338483027                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.111168                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.048198                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.352431                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337839676     99.81%     99.81% |      472251      0.14%     99.95% |      124999      0.04%     99.99% |       20981      0.01%     99.99% |       18540      0.01%    100.00% |        5397      0.00%    100.00% |         526      0.00%    100.00% |         595      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     338483027                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    334929633                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   334929633    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    334929633                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3553394                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.845697                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.583215                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.793843                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2910043     81.89%     81.89% |      472251     13.29%     95.18% |      124999      3.52%     98.70% |       20981      0.59%     99.29% |       18540      0.52%     99.81% |        5397      0.15%     99.97% |         526      0.01%     99.98% |         595      0.02%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3553394                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4472727496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.350697                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.217414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4470663303     99.95%     99.95% |     1386752      0.03%     99.98% |      515509      0.01%    100.00% |       63507      0.00%    100.00% |       72633      0.00%    100.00% |       21013      0.00%    100.00% |        2517      0.00%    100.00% |        2126      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4472727496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4455847561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4455847561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4455847561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     16879935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    93.925125                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.404081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.112668                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    14815742     87.77%     87.77% |     1386752      8.22%     95.99% |      515509      3.05%     99.04% |       63507      0.38%     99.42% |       72633      0.43%     99.85% |       21013      0.12%     99.97% |        2517      0.01%     99.99% |        2126      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     16879935                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3080678                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.308791                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.049793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.118276                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3072759     99.74%     99.74% |        5876      0.19%     99.93% |        1511      0.05%     99.98% |         238      0.01%     99.99% |         211      0.01%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3080678                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3049014                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3049014    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3049014                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.335934                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.036501                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.675647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23745     74.99%     74.99% |        5876     18.56%     93.55% |        1511      4.77%     98.32% |         238      0.75%     99.07% |         211      0.67%     99.74% |          69      0.22%     99.96% |           4      0.01%     99.97% |          10      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        31664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1667746                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.333072                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.060642                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.347631                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1663237     99.73%     99.73% |        3667      0.22%     99.95% |         562      0.03%     99.98% |         125      0.01%     99.99% |         125      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1667746                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1645597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1645597    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1645597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   101.375909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    84.184814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.557946                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17640     79.64%     79.64% |        3667     16.56%     96.20% |         562      2.54%     98.74% |         125      0.56%     99.30% |         125      0.56%     99.86% |          22      0.10%     99.96% |           4      0.02%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        22149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1667746                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1667746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1667746                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1667746                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1667746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1667746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1791170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.941961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.909377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.918497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1791125    100.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1791170                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     49339278                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.422129                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    92.693066                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.101499                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    40983415     83.06%     83.06% |     5737269     11.63%     94.69% |     1960942      3.97%     98.67% |      288925      0.59%     99.25% |      271929      0.55%     99.80% |       79178      0.16%     99.96% |        8539      0.02%     99.98% |        8397      0.02%    100.00% |         680      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     49339278                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       315529                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.103303                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.061202                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.688609                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      315502     99.99%     99.99% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       315529                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     30327777                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.871975                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.541576                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.993469                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    24691884     81.42%     81.42% |     3868725     12.76%     94.17% |     1318361      4.35%     98.52% |      204074      0.67%     99.19% |      180420      0.59%     99.79% |       52677      0.17%     99.96% |        5488      0.02%     99.98% |        5662      0.02%    100.00% |         482      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     30327777                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5100                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.032745                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.984772                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.141747                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2581     50.61%     50.61% |        2503     49.08%     99.69% |          16      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5100                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3548294                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.931667                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.663989                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.815457                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2904943     81.87%     81.87% |      472251     13.31%     95.18% |      124999      3.52%     98.70% |       20981      0.59%     99.29% |       18540      0.52%     99.81% |        5397      0.15%     99.97% |         526      0.01%     99.98% |         595      0.02%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3548294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1458544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.907043                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.876584                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.706680                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1458526    100.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1458544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15421391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.466641                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    81.329799                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.845080                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    13357200     86.61%     86.61% |     1386750      8.99%     95.61% |      515509      3.34%     98.95% |       63507      0.41%     99.36% |       72633      0.47%     99.83% |       21013      0.14%     99.97% |        2517      0.02%     99.99% |        2126      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15421391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.421318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.403153                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.331926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3065     91.00%     91.00% |         299      8.88%     99.88% |           4      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28296                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.205047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.999656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.528767                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       20377     72.01%     72.01% |        5876     20.77%     92.78% |        1511      5.34%     98.12% |         238      0.84%     98.96% |         211      0.75%     99.71% |          69      0.24%     99.95% |           4      0.01%     99.96% |          10      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        28296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8629                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.502955                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.484194                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.337001                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7582     87.87%     87.87% |        1047     12.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8629                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13520                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.036243                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.704454                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.430113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9011     66.65%     66.65% |        3667     27.12%     93.77% |         562      4.16%     97.93% |         125      0.92%     98.85% |         125      0.92%     99.78% |          22      0.16%     99.94% |           4      0.03%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13520                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |    13232561     51.38%     51.38% |    12520937     48.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     25753498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |    12761272     51.49%     51.49% |    12020790     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     24782062                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       49335     50.14%     50.14% |       49062     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98397                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |    12810510     51.49%     51.49% |    12069823     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     24880333                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |    12762762     51.49%     51.49% |    12022283     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     24785045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |    12761297     51.49%     51.49% |    12020807     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     24782104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       49213     50.10%     50.10% |       49016     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        98229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1490     49.95%     49.95% |        1493     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2983                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      471087     48.52%     48.52% |      499816     51.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       970903                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |    12761136     51.49%     51.49% |    12020733     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     24781869                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         122     72.62%     72.62% |          46     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          14     56.00%     56.00% |          11     44.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         122     72.62%     72.62% |          46     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |          14     56.00%     56.00% |          11     44.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          14     56.00%     56.00% |          11     44.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         122     72.62%     72.62% |          46     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |         174     36.10%     36.10% |         308     63.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          482                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |    12761297     51.49%     51.49% |    12020807     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     24782104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           6     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |    12761136     51.49%     51.49% |    12020733     48.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     24781869                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       49213     50.10%     50.10% |       49016     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        98229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1490     49.95%     49.95% |        1493     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2983                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    14468953      2.93%      2.93% |   164018108     33.20%     36.13% |     1408066      0.29%     36.42% |   314109987     63.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    494005114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    73344418      3.27%      3.27% |   758084099     33.75%     37.02% |     6726526      0.30%     37.32% |  1407952643     62.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2246107686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7465142      4.29%      4.29% |    58026849     33.38%     37.68% |      993790      0.57%     38.25% |   107332384     61.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173818165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      829484      3.22%      3.22% |     9162580     35.58%     38.80% |      378026      1.47%     40.27% |    15382917     59.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     25753007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      272925     28.11%     28.11% |      236412     24.35%     52.46% |      294142     30.30%     82.76% |      167424     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       970903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          86     22.28%     22.28% |         150     38.86%     61.14% |          92     23.83%     84.97% |          58     15.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      591911      2.37%      2.37% |     8966533     35.97%     38.34% |      116282      0.47%     38.81% |    15255335     61.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     24930061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      556531      2.25%      2.25% |     8926257     36.02%     38.26% |       83884      0.34%     38.60% |    15215390     61.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     24782062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      281571      1.83%      1.83% |     5237659     34.02%     35.85% |       89051      0.58%     36.43% |     9787431     63.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     15395712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      482332      5.65%      5.65% |     3264434     38.26%     43.92% |      273460      3.21%     47.12% |     4511467     52.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      8531693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       65581      3.59%      3.59% |      660487     36.18%     39.77% |       15515      0.85%     40.62% |     1084019     59.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1825602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       35422     23.90%     23.90% |       40351     27.23%     51.13% |       32440     21.89%     73.03% |       39973     26.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       148186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    14187382      2.96%      2.96% |   158780449     33.18%     36.14% |     1319015      0.28%     36.42% |   304322556     63.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    478609402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    72862086      3.26%      3.26% |   754819665     33.73%     36.99% |     6453066      0.29%     37.28% |  1403441176     62.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   2237575993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7399561      4.30%      4.30% |    57366362     33.35%     37.66% |      978275      0.57%     38.23% |   106248365     61.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    171992563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      272924     28.11%     28.11% |      236412     24.35%     52.46% |      294138     30.30%     82.76% |      167423     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       970897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          43     22.28%     22.28% |          75     38.86%     61.14% |          46     23.83%     84.97% |          29     15.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      556489      2.25%      2.25% |     8926182     36.02%     38.26% |       83842      0.34%     38.60% |    15215362     61.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     24781875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          43     22.28%     22.28% |          75     38.86%     61.14% |          46     23.83%     84.97% |          29     15.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      556531      2.25%      2.25% |     8926257     36.02%     38.26% |       83884      0.34%     38.60% |    15215390     61.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     24782062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      763903      3.19%      3.19% |     8502093     35.53%     38.73% |      362511      1.52%     40.24% |    14298898     59.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     23927405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       65581      3.59%      3.59% |      660487     36.18%     39.77% |       15515      0.85%     40.62% |     1084019     59.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      1825602                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
