
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462083                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462082985500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52369139909501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129926                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   234482                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              223329489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1818252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2069.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268825519                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485158609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       207488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            207488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        69312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          69312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       449028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               449028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       149999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              149999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       599027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              599027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       3242                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1083                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     3242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1083                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                207040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  67840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 207488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               69312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 462082993000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 3242                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1083                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   3210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   185.729730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.585534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.726744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          837     56.55%     56.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          345     23.31%     79.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          141      9.53%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           29      1.96%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      0.95%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.68%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.95%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.81%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           78      5.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    172.754386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1095.923115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           55     96.49%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.596491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.574559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.923109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      3.51%      3.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              22     38.60%     42.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              31     54.39%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.75%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    31159000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               91815250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  16175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9631.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28381.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    1840                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    975                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                56.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               90.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 106839998.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   65.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                11483640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 6265875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               34444800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               3738960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         30394088400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         11585918610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        269044200000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          311080140285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.492884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445845979750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15429960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    806989750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                17645040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 9627750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               49982400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               3129840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         30394088400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         12462572340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        268275205500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          311212251270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.776783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445035312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15429960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1617506500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       206080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            206080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        68480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          68480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         3220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               3220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       445980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               445980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       148198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              148198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       594179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              594179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       3220                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1070                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     3220                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1070                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                205888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  66816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 206080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               68480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 462082779500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 3220                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1070                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   3183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   185.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.549622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.234049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          852     57.96%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          326     22.18%     80.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          128      8.71%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      2.11%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      1.36%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.88%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.54%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.88%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           79      5.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    150.375000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1093.084236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           55     98.21%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.642857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.631277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.672271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              24     42.86%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              30     53.57%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    31500750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               91819500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  16085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9791.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28541.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    1828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    963                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                56.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               90.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 107711603.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   65.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                11657520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 6360750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               34281000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               3732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         30394088400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         11617138080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        269016814500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          311084072730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.501335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445820921500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15429960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    832341000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                17463600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 9528750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               50052600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               3032640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         30394088400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         12439495035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        268295448750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          311209109775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.770032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445047916250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15429960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1604902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       927549769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     398080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       840457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               825476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      24783                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55263                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      825476                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1668518                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            674157                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              443620                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             257399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       200511                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     122685                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     77826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              925769960.073985                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1779808.926015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001919                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998081                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            87544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 9663      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   625916     74.47%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1673      0.20%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2478      0.29%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  122685     14.60%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  77826      9.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    840480                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       926110489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265727908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479152664                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269525056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14996045                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269525056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512458150                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176033281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106884206                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82957370                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84017522                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62863846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21153676                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3517599.766750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              922592889.233250                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996202                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003798                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27043324                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10598      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244752595     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2383      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1741      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62863846     13.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21153676      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479152761                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       923613721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     367529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       778642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               763624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21503                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        56149                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      763624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1540290                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            627990                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              435096                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             234019                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       183556                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     113595                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     69961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              921901316.888017                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1712404.111983                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001854                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998146                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                11644      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   577884     74.22%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1574      0.20%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     3971      0.51%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  113595     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  69961      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    778646                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       924146996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1006770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1949504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1919738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40946                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       158133                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1919738                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3906048                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1563392                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1117900                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             651003                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       446440                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     274780                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    171660                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              920075259.604724                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4071736.395276                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004406                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995594                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           214674                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19940      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1473619     75.59%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2369      0.12%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     5882      0.30%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  274780     14.09%     91.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 171660      8.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1949594                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                34496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              318999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              314495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              325998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              314998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    461995031                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000658                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461994831    100.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    461995031                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      461995031                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.008846                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.001632                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.568596                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   461994460    100.00%    100.00% |         489      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        461995031                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461970147                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.005939                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001425                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.243632                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   461695775     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |      274372      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461970147                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24884                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.968012                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.051583                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.595652                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |       24313     97.71%     97.71% |         489      1.97%     99.67% |           6      0.02%     99.69% |          17      0.07%     99.76% |          50      0.20%     99.96% |           9      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           10                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       196316                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       201003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       516447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       522751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         6051                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         4940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        10991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     83781394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       239187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84020581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    374793927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        12675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    374806602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       243625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       251862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       179481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       183844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       476618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         5720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       482338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         5399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         4684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        10083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       433392                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       448623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1318200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        11089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1329289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        19297                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         7023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        26320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.003644                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4940                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8115                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        29694                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22076                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4940                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       584280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       237552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       176608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        39520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.005041                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13017                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        33645                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        18782                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         8237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       937224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       269160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       150256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        65896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003650                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4684                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8167                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        29708                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22331                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4684                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        37472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       588024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       237664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       178648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        37472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.005079                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7023                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13972                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        27943                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        19993                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7023                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1005984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       223544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       159944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        56184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.002070                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13207                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3230                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4286                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        14269                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        13207                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       232560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        34288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       114152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.001937                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11677                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3212                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4270                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        12745                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11677                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       231264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        34160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       101960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        93416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000122                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.002883                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24884                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24857                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64773                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83182                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24884                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       199072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1789704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       518184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          520                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          520                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       199072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        74679                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        74654                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       194319                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data           39                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        13302                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       193378                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        74652                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       597432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      5375088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      1554552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data         2808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       106416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      1547024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control       597216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004181                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10795                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22076                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       355248                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86360                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       176608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003106                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4940                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3181                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        18899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4940                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       229032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       151192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        39520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006087                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8223                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        18782                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       592056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       157248                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       150256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003994                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        13989                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         8237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       345168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       111912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        65896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004075                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10861                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22331                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       336960                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       178648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003224                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4684                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3487                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        18847                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4684                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        37472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       251064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       150776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        37472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005305                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        14905                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        19993                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       505152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       119240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       159944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004853                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7023                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6956                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        13038                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7023                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       500832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       104304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        56184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13207                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4286                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        13207                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        34288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002411                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3228                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        14269                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       232416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       114152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001557                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11677                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4270                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11677                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        34160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        93416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002317                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3210                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        12745                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       231120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       101960                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004181                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4934                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10795                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22076                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       355248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       176608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006087                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8223                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        18782                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       592056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       157248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       150256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004075                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10861                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22331                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       336960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       178648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005305                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        14905                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        19993                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       505152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       119240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       159944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.001728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13207                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4286                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        13207                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        34288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001557                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11677                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4270                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11677                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        34160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        93416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63337195                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.044009                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008720                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.143955                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63336881    100.00%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63337195                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63323291                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.032750                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007884                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.571340                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    63115906     99.67%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |      207385      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63323291                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13904                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.322353                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.912584                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.949617                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       13590     97.74%     97.74% |         280      2.01%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           8      0.06%     99.81% |          20      0.14%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13904                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21460817                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.030297                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.004712                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.254771                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21460746    100.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21460817                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21455456                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.015518                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003728                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.393626                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    21422161     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |       33295      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21455456                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5361                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.176273                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.762895                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.732576                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        5290     98.68%     98.68% |          45      0.84%     99.52% |           4      0.07%     99.59% |           4      0.07%     99.66% |          15      0.28%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5361                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377140980                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.277848                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377139534    100.00%    100.00% |        1283      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377140980                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377137063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000845                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000203                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.091924                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   377105192     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |       31871      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377137063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.701047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.970619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.853818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2471     63.08%     63.08% |        1283     32.75%     95.84% |         141      3.60%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           2      0.05%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           3      0.08%     99.57% |           2      0.05%     99.62% |           6      0.15%     99.77% |           9      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        32531                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.394885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.218572                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.049771                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       31778     97.69%     97.69% |           0      0.00%     97.69% |         711      2.19%     99.87% |           1      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           7      0.02%     99.90% |          23      0.07%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          11      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        32531                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31778                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.483353                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.122887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.144772                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       30242     95.17%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |        1536      4.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        31778                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    40.863214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.428221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.943151                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         711     94.42%     94.42% |           1      0.13%     94.56% |           0      0.00%     94.56% |           0      0.00%     94.56% |           7      0.93%     95.48% |          23      3.05%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |          11      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          753                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.347201                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.419755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.868247                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       10805     91.93%     91.93% |         905      7.70%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |          32      0.27%     99.90% |          11      0.09%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10805                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.263767                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.065292                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.602602                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       10520     97.36%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |         285      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10805                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.454162                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.369687                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.360920                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         905     95.36%     95.36% |           0      0.00%     95.36% |          32      3.37%     98.74% |          11      1.16%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461695674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461695674    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    461695674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.968232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.930344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.725502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18327     99.35%     99.35% |          57      0.31%     99.66% |          58      0.31%     99.98% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.055327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.013355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.741778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       18334     99.45%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |         102      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.006509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.004771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.223785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18424     99.93%     99.93% |           6      0.03%     99.97% |           5      0.03%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.061159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18434     99.99%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.893741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.316001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        7914     42.93%     42.93% |        8230     44.64%     87.57% |        1369      7.43%     94.99% |           4      0.02%     95.02% |           7      0.04%     95.05% |           3      0.02%     95.07% |         909      4.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        18436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       274473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.996320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.990298                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.191793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         101      0.04%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |      274372     99.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       274473                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.136067                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.491320                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.866225                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5867     91.13%     91.13% |         489      7.60%     98.73% |           6      0.09%     98.82% |          17      0.26%     99.08% |          50      0.78%     99.86% |           9      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.002485                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000440                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.199409                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |        6437     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.008232                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006896                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.170244                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6423     99.77%     99.77% |          11      0.17%     99.94% |           3      0.05%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.004505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.004230                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.120114                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6434     99.94%     99.94% |           4      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         6438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    82.120845                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    76.463494                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    52.868463                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        3640     56.54%     56.54% |        2707     42.05%     98.59% |           8      0.12%     98.71% |           4      0.06%     98.77% |           2      0.03%     98.80% |           2      0.03%     98.84% |          12      0.19%     99.02% |          14      0.22%     99.24% |          24      0.37%     99.61% |          25      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         6438                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63115903                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63115903    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     63115903                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10857                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.532836                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.524299                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.847128                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10847     99.91%     99.91% |           1      0.01%     99.92% |           6      0.06%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10857                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       207388                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999855                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999618                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.038034                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           3      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      207385    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       207388                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3047                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.272727                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.894093                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.719934                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2733     89.69%     89.69% |         280      9.19%     98.88% |           0      0.00%     98.88% |           8      0.26%     99.15% |          20      0.66%     99.80% |           6      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3047                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21422072                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21422072    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     21422072                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3501                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.898886                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.801058                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.787636                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3404     97.23%     97.23% |          49      1.40%     98.63% |          48      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3501                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33384                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.973341                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.929905                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.515647                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          89      0.27%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |       33295     99.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33384                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1860                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.754839                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.311816                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.047099                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1789     96.18%     96.18% |          45      2.42%     98.60% |           4      0.22%     98.82% |           4      0.22%     99.03% |          15      0.81%     99.84% |           3      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1860                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377105192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377105192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    377105192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2471                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.469850                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.465625                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.534443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2463     99.68%     99.68% |           8      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2471                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31871                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        31871                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.361687                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.260577                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.252061                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1283     88.73%     88.73% |         141      9.75%     98.48% |           0      0.00%     98.48% |           2      0.14%     98.62% |           0      0.00%     98.62% |           3      0.21%     98.82% |           2      0.14%     98.96% |           6      0.41%     99.38% |           9      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1446                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30242                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30242    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30242                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.966292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.911839                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.014431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         711     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           1      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           41                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.902439                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.573572                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.290441                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     17.07%     17.07% |          23     56.10%     73.17% |           0      0.00%     73.17% |          11     26.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           41                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10520                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10520    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10520                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          905                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.380110                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.294288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.573530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         894     98.78%     98.78% |           7      0.77%     99.56% |           3      0.33%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          905                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         285    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           44                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.250000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.037426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.298651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          32     72.73%     72.73% |          11     25.00%     97.73% |           0      0.00%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           44                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11745                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11745    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11745                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        3747     52.98%     52.98% |        3326     47.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total         7073                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        9470     53.14%     53.14% |        8352     46.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        17822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |          35     53.85%     53.85% |          30     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total           65                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        4645     53.65%     53.65% |        4013     46.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total         8658                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |        8562     52.77%     52.77% |        7664     47.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        16226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |          19     43.18%     43.18% |          25     56.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |           5     62.50%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        3242     50.17%     50.17% |        3220     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         6462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1083     50.30%     50.30% |        1070     49.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2153                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        4286     50.09%     50.09% |        4270     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         8556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1072     50.09%     50.09% |        1068     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        1317     57.97%     57.97% |         955     42.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         2272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        1608     55.24%     55.24% |        1303     44.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total         2911                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |          19     43.18%     43.18% |          25     56.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        1447     50.84%     50.84% |        1399     49.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         2846                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |        5597     53.78%     53.78% |        4810     46.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        10407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           5     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |          15     44.12%     44.12% |          19     55.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total           34                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |         974     50.08%     50.08% |         971     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total         1945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        2239     50.21%     50.21% |        2220     49.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total         4459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           8     88.89%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        4612     53.60%     53.60% |        3993     46.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total         8605                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |        8553     52.74%     52.74% |        7664     47.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        16217                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           8     88.89%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |          15     44.12%     44.12% |          19     55.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total           34                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |        3213     50.17%     50.17% |        3191     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total         6404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |          15     44.12%     44.12% |          19     55.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total           34                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        4224     50.00%     50.00% |        4224     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         8448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |          52     59.09%     59.09% |          36     40.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |          19     43.18%     43.18% |          25     56.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |           5     62.50%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |          27     65.85%     65.85% |          14     34.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total           41                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      113211      0.18%      0.18% |    62855260     99.24%     99.42% |      105943      0.17%     99.59% |      262782      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63337196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      522751      0.14%      0.14% |   374806602     99.38%     99.52% |      482338      0.13%     99.65% |     1329289      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377140980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       87792      0.41%      0.41% |    21165322     98.37%     98.77% |       77901      0.36%     99.14% |      185841      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21516856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     92.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           6      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |        8310      2.86%      2.86% |      249878     86.13%     89.00% |        7729      2.66%     91.66% |       24196      8.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total       290113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         712      0.29%      0.29% |      232176     95.70%     96.00% |         768      0.32%     96.31% |        8947      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       242603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        5341     16.76%     16.76% |       11504     36.10%     52.85% |        4635     14.54%     67.40% |       10391     32.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        31871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        6053      2.21%      2.21% |      243680     88.78%     90.99% |        5403      1.97%     92.95% |       19338      7.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       274474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |        7524     25.39%     25.39% |        6759     22.81%     48.19% |        8287     27.96%     76.15% |        7067     23.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total        29637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       14552     27.18%     27.18% |       12023     22.45%     49.63% |       14044     26.23%     75.86% |       12926     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total        53545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           4     44.44%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           3     33.33%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9136     17.50%     17.50% |       19067     36.51%     54.01% |        9648     18.48%     72.49% |       14368     27.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        52219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        1659     41.50%     41.50% |         589     14.73%     56.23% |        1213     30.34%     86.57% |         537     13.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total         3998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         941     41.36%     41.36% |         495     21.76%     63.12% |         374     16.44%     79.56% |         465     20.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        1957     22.69%     22.69% |        2171     25.17%     47.87% |        1801     20.88%     68.75% |        2695     31.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total         8624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2036     14.59%     14.59% |        5557     39.82%     54.41% |        2505     17.95%     72.37% |        3856     27.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        13954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     96.92%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           2      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        1957     22.61%     22.61% |        2204     25.46%     48.07% |        1801     20.80%     68.87% |        2695     31.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total         8657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        2983     18.38%     18.38% |        6033     37.18%     55.56% |        2883     17.77%     73.33% |        4328     26.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        16227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2326     16.73%     16.73% |        4650     33.44%     50.17% |        2711     19.50%     69.67% |        4217     30.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        13904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         963     24.59%     24.59% |        1171     29.90%     54.48% |        1085     27.70%     82.18% |         698     17.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1075     19.67%     19.67% |        2029     37.13%     56.80% |         616     11.27%     68.07% |        1745     31.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         5465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |        6262     28.36%     28.36% |        5026     22.76%     51.12% |        6417     29.06%     80.19% |        4375     19.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        22080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       11568     31.93%     31.93% |        6974     19.25%     51.19% |       10362     28.61%     79.79% |        7320     20.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total        36224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       16890      0.13%      0.13% |    13377236     99.32%     99.45% |       19343      0.14%     99.59% |       54889      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     13468358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      456664      0.20%      0.20% |   232057865     99.12%     99.32% |      433376      0.19%     99.50% |     1163779      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    234111684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         569     38.68%     38.68% |         320     21.75%     60.44% |         265     18.01%     78.45% |         317     21.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           4     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |        5877     18.80%     18.80% |        6100     19.51%     38.31% |        5525     17.67%     55.98% |       13761     44.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total        31263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         297      5.64%      5.64% |        1709     32.47%     38.12% |         415      7.89%     46.00% |        2842     54.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         5263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        4556     22.13%     22.13% |        2925     14.21%     36.34% |        4507     21.89%     58.23% |        8598     41.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        20586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         402     16.28%     16.28% |         613     24.82%     41.09% |         936     37.89%     78.99% |         519     21.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         2470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |         667     16.68%     16.68% |        1376     34.42%     51.10% |        1131     28.29%     79.39% |         824     20.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total         3998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          78      0.01%      0.01% |     1259326     99.49%     99.49% |        1639      0.13%     99.62% |        4773      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      1265816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        2991      0.12%      0.12% |     2396255     93.82%     93.93% |        4761      0.19%     94.12% |      150211      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      2554218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           5     20.00%     20.00% |          12     48.00%     68.00% |           3     12.00%     80.00% |           5     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          43     97.73%     97.73% |           0      0.00%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         385      2.46%      2.46% |       12615     80.56%     83.02% |         484      3.09%     86.11% |        2175     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        15659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          72      1.45%      1.45% |        4421     88.74%     90.18% |          64      1.28%     91.47% |         425      8.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         4982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         203      1.93%      1.93% |        8490     80.61%     82.54% |          49      0.47%     83.00% |        1790     17.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        10532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |         353     15.75%     15.75% |         153      6.83%     22.58% |         666     29.72%     52.30% |        1069     47.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         2241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         317     10.89%     10.89% |         553     19.00%     29.89% |         620     21.30%     51.19% |        1421     48.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total         2911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       12947      0.05%      0.05% |    23709819     99.83%     99.88% |       10418      0.04%     99.93% |       17256      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23750440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |       56123      0.04%      0.04% |   140339476     99.93%     99.97% |       38211      0.03%    100.00% |        3972      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    140437782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         361     18.23%     18.23% |         742     37.47%     55.71% |         255     12.88%     68.59% |         622     31.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total         1980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        1123      0.57%      0.57% |      193409     98.44%     99.01% |         969      0.49%     99.50% |         977      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       196478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          85      0.04%      0.04% |      190891     99.66%     99.70% |          57      0.03%     99.73% |         514      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       191547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         582     77.29%     77.29% |          89     11.82%     89.11% |          79     10.49%     99.60% |           3      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total          753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |          45     10.69%     10.69% |          99     23.52%     34.20% |         145     34.44%     68.65% |         132     31.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |         766     13.43%     13.43% |        1882     33.00%     46.43% |        1268     22.23%     68.67% |        1787     31.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total         5703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       80411      0.33%      0.33% |    24303624     98.67%     99.00% |       71238      0.29%     99.29% |      175938      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     24631211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       85562      0.40%      0.40% |    21130192     98.41%     98.81% |       76536      0.36%     99.16% |      179820      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     21472110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |         925      1.98%      1.98% |       37754     80.82%     82.80% |         751      1.61%     84.41% |        7283     15.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total        46713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         258      0.63%      0.63% |       35155     86.14%     86.77% |         232      0.57%     87.34% |        5166     12.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        40811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         462     19.05%     19.05% |         868     35.79%     54.85% |         123      5.07%     59.92% |         972     40.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         2425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        1234     26.21%     26.21% |        1238     26.30%     52.51% |         662     14.06%     66.57% |        1574     33.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total         4708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |         296      5.73%      5.73% |        1656     32.05%     37.78% |         412      7.97%     45.75% |        2803     54.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total         5167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |        4556     22.13%     22.13% |        2925     14.21%     36.34% |        4507     21.89%     58.23% |        8598     41.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        20586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           1      1.04%      1.04% |          53     55.21%     56.25% |           3      3.12%     59.38% |          39     40.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           96                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |          71      1.43%      1.43% |        4419     88.81%     90.23% |          63      1.27%     91.50% |         423      8.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         4976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         203      1.93%      1.93% |        8490     80.61%     82.54% |          49      0.47%     83.00% |        1790     17.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        10532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |          79      0.04%      0.04% |      190713     99.81%     99.85% |          56      0.03%     99.88% |         223      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       191071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |         582     77.29%     77.29% |          89     11.82%     89.11% |          79     10.49%     99.60% |           3      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total          753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |           6      1.26%      1.26% |         178     37.39%     38.66% |           1      0.21%     38.87% |         291     61.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         102      1.65%      1.65% |        3758     60.90%     62.55% |          56      0.91%     63.46% |        2255     36.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total         6171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         156      0.45%      0.45% |       31397     90.64%     91.09% |         176      0.51%     91.60% |        2911      8.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        34640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2422     22.73%     22.73% |        3389     31.80%     54.53% |        1254     11.77%     66.29% |        3592     33.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        10657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         371     55.04%     55.04% |          89     13.20%     68.25% |         106     15.73%     83.98% |         108     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         704     14.69%     14.69% |        1940     40.49%     55.19% |         510     10.64%     65.83% |        1637     34.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total         4791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1106     51.71%     51.71% |         315     14.73%     66.43% |         267     12.48%     78.92% |         451     21.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |         570     36.38%     36.38% |         373     23.80%     60.18% |         268     17.10%     77.28% |         356     22.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         1567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          18     19.35%     19.35% |          42     45.16%     64.52% |          12     12.90%     77.42% |          21     22.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           6     19.35%     19.35% |          14     45.16%     64.52% |           4     12.90%     77.42% |           7     22.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |          71      5.00%      5.00% |         553     38.92%     43.91% |         475     33.43%     77.34% |         322     22.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         1421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |         941     41.99%     41.99% |         462     20.62%     62.61% |         374     16.69%     79.29% |         464     20.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         2241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           8     28.57%     28.57% |          11     39.29%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           4     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |         534     13.48%     13.48% |         520     13.13%     26.61% |         453     11.44%     38.05% |        2454     61.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total         3961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1331     14.53%     14.53% |        3614     39.46%     53.99% |        1995     21.78%     75.77% |        2219     24.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total         9159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |          55      9.43%      9.43% |         394     67.58%     77.02% |          45      7.72%     84.73% |          89     15.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total          583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         175      9.74%      9.74% |        1037     57.74%     67.48% |          93      5.18%     72.66% |         491     27.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         1796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         705     14.70%     14.70% |        1943     40.52%     55.22% |         510     10.64%     65.86% |        1637     34.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total         4795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        3662     13.00%     13.00% |       12199     43.31%     56.32% |        6405     22.74%     79.06% |        5898     20.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total        28164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        1238     48.40%     48.40% |         291     11.38%     59.77% |         690     26.97%     86.75% |         339     13.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total         2558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     97.06%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        1957     22.69%     22.69% |        2171     25.17%     47.87% |        1801     20.88%     68.75% |        2695     31.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total         8624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1332     14.54%     14.54% |        3617     39.47%     54.01% |        1995     21.77%     75.78% |        2219     24.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         9163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3      5.66%      5.66% |          47     88.68%     94.34% |           2      3.77%     98.11% |           1      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         669     44.36%     44.36% |         331     21.95%     66.31% |         270     17.90%     84.22% |         238     15.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         1508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        1148     28.79%     28.79% |        1012     25.38%     54.16% |         689     17.28%     71.44% |        1139     28.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         3988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         421     29.24%     29.24% |         298     20.69%     49.93% |         523     36.32%     86.25% |         198     13.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         1440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        1957     22.61%     22.61% |        2204     25.46%     48.07% |        1801     20.80%     68.87% |        2695     31.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total         8657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          43     97.73%     97.73% |           0      0.00%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        4853     18.77%     18.77% |        4634     17.93%     36.70% |        4922     19.04%     55.74% |       11440     44.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        25849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         275      1.77%      1.77% |       12911     83.22%     84.99% |         113      0.73%     85.72% |        2215     14.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        15514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         667      0.35%      0.35% |      190980     99.31%     99.66% |         136      0.07%     99.73% |         517      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       192300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         258      0.63%      0.63% |       35155     86.14%     86.77% |         232      0.57%     87.34% |        5166     12.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        40811                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.496828                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                496827876500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52403884800501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129009                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   233357                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              222266900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2076300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2235.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288371793                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521616957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1054528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1054528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       105344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         105344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        16477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              16477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2122522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2122522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       212033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              212033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2334555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2334555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      16477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1646                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    16477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1646                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1053184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 103488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1054528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              105344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 496821896500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                16477                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1646                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  16009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         5807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.207853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.209719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   258.793365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3230     55.62%     55.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1364     23.49%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          401      6.91%     86.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      2.63%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           99      1.70%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           86      1.48%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      1.41%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      1.46%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          307      5.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         5807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    271.863636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   990.797313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           73     82.95%     82.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            7      7.95%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      2.27%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.14%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      2.27%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.14%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.375000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.352195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.926153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               5      5.68%      5.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              46     52.27%     57.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              34     38.64%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      2.27%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   143038247                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              451588247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  82280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8692.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27442.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     30.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   11002                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1265                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               76.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  27413888.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                26512920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                14466375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               83725200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               5073840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         14879476080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        287005143000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          334678189095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.228522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475702000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4535933750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                35327880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                19276125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              103841400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               5404320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         16226085690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        285823906500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          334877633595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.627335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 474207560750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6034925500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1056512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1056512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       104832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         104832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        16508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              16508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2126515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2126515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       211003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              211003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2337518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2337518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      16508                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1638                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    16508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1055296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 103744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1056512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              104832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 496820396500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                16508                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1638                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  16023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         5903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.380146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.075473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   257.823866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3387     57.38%     57.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1294     21.92%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          398      6.74%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          173      2.93%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           99      1.68%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           77      1.30%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           80      1.36%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      1.25%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          321      5.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         5903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    273.534091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1020.019900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           73     82.95%     82.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      6.82%     89.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      4.55%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.14%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.14%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.14%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.420455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.394758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.002544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               4      4.55%      4.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              48     54.55%     59.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              33     37.50%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      2.27%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   138694748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              447863498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  82445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8411.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27161.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   10951                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                66.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               76.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  27379058.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   67.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                27117720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                14796375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               83631600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               5203440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         14936886765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        286954782750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          334686210330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.244561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475638107000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4599978750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                35516880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                19379250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              104231400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               5300640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         16245494190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        285806881500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          334880595540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.633258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 474157671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6084815250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       998358587                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1406904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2720010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2676093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      67469                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       199388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2676093                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5477559                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2150629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1459835                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             890168                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       668656                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403395                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    265261                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              991865964.069287                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6492622.930713                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006503                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993497                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           289147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22201      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2019463     74.24%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3065      0.11%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4272      0.16%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403395     14.83%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 265261      9.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2720238                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       994532116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266273113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480189081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270537985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9890067                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15069326                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270537985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514567916                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176835466                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107398574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83261296                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84287174                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63025281                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21261893                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              70584399.649600                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              923947716.350400                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.929028                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.070972                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27153217                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19310      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245503612     51.13%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3302      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2270      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.32%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63025281     13.13%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21261893      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480189302                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       993679427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3045945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5777323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5713530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     109281                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       461600                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5713530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11297246                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4576956                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3114933                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2012377                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1272832                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     737932                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    534900                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              980862578.645932                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12816848.354068                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.012898                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.987102                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           641805                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                29999      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4450128     77.02%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4569      0.08%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7914      0.14%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  737932     12.77%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 534900      9.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5777639                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       992432228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16320599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30493201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30079029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     658078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2460305                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30079029                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58622522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24387738                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            15979629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10187188                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6636009                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3912852                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2723157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              932568651.116122                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              59863576.883878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.060320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.939680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3393936                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156075      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23246434     76.23%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92841      0.30%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148475      0.49%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3912852     12.83%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2723157      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30493447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1131                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1131                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                68                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               68                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               189481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1758500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              399497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              413992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              428989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              448985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               47996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              742500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    957973344                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001208                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957971946    100.00%    100.00% |        1398      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    957973344                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      957973344                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.014630                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002246                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.893148                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   957969848    100.00%    100.00% |        2968      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |         293      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        957973344                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957857392                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.007378                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001771                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.271525                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   957150683     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |      706709      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    957857392                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       115952                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.923149                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.363164                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.908909                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      112456     96.98%     96.98% |        2968      2.56%     99.54% |          66      0.06%     99.60% |          98      0.08%     99.69% |         293      0.25%     99.94% |          71      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       115952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          106                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       647286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25735                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1839878                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        17586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1857464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        22928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        20393                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        43321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     84041750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       250893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84292643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    375500764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        19444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    375520208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       255640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        14697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       270337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1243010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40360                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1283370                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3995300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        31818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4027118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        43638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        28540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        72178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      6595355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50748                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      6646103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     21591565                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        86821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     21678386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       110131                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27438                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137569                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            21                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.012416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20393                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        30120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       108611                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        72854                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        20393                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       163144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2168640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       868888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       582832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       163144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.012740                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14697                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33795                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93491                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        78593                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        14697                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2433240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       747928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       628744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       117576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.014769                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28540                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37343                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       121885                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          790                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          790                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          183                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        64723                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28540                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       228320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2688696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       975080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        43704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       517784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       228320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.016780                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        47349                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       115469                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          363                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          187                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        65826                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3409128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       923752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        26136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       526608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.007579                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46195                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16467                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4548                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          508                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          247                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        47312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46195                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       369560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1185624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        36384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        36576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       378496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       369560                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.007483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44873                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16500                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4526                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          506                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        45930                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44873                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1188000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        36208                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        36432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       367440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.009579                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2        91068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4        90788                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4       224265                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1014                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1502                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1502                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       281996                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        91068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       728544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6536736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1794120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        73008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        12016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2255968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       728544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       273486                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       272452                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       672795                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         3042                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        24006                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       657234                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       273204                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2187888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     19616544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      5382360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       219024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       192048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      5257872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      2185632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015178                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20361                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45506                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        72854                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1465992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       364048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       582832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009653                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20393                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9759                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        63105                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        20393                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       163144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       702648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       504840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       163144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012317                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14668                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34007                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        78593                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1056096                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       272056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       628744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013162                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14697                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19127                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59484                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        14697                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1377144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       475872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       117576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019524                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28497                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65999                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          790                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        64723                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2051784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       527992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       517784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010014                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28540                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8846                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        55886                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          790                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          183                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28540                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       228320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       636912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       447088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        43704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       228320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019193                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69679                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        65826                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1962432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       557432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       526608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014366                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20093                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45790                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          363                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          187                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1446696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       366320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        26136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005217                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46195                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4548                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          508                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          247                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46195                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       369560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        36384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        36576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       369560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009940                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16463                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        47312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1185336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       378496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44873                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4526                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          506                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44873                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        36208                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        36432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009886                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16498                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        45930                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1187856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       367440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015178                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20361                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45506                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        72854                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1465992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       364048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       582832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012317                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14668                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34007                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        78593                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1056096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       272056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       628744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019524                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28497                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65999                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          790                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        64723                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2051784                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       527992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       517784                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.019193                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69679                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        65826                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1962432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       557432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       526608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.005217                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46195                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4548                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          508                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          247                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46195                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       369560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        36384                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        36576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       369560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.005080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44873                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4526                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          506                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44873                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        36208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        36432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       358984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131299275                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.060478                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.010002                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.711025                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131297313    100.00%    100.00% |        1708      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131299275                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    131239110                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.034118                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.008215                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.583106                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   130791353     99.66%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |      447757      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    131239110                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        60165                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.561340                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.137555                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.368104                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       58203     96.74%     96.74% |        1708      2.84%     99.58% |          31      0.05%     99.63% |          59      0.10%     99.73% |         133      0.22%     99.95% |          31      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        60165                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46194996                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.064761                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007026                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.283376                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46194173    100.00%    100.00% |         638      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46194996                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46162989                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.017464                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004197                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.417540                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    46082368     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |       80621      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46162989                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        32007                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    69.279751                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    58.275220                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.157571                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       31184     97.43%     97.43% |         638      1.99%     99.42% |          23      0.07%     99.49% |          20      0.06%     99.56% |         109      0.34%     99.90% |          33      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        32007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780224156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003594                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000624                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.397582                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780223526    100.00%    100.00% |         550      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780224156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780205806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002219                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.148938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   780032699     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |      173107      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780205806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.471117                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.877737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.574443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17720     96.57%     96.57% |         550      3.00%     99.56% |          10      0.05%     99.62% |          17      0.09%     99.71% |          47      0.26%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.904495                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.129365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.103317                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      128941     98.49%     98.49% |        1824      1.39%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         116      0.09%     99.97% |          33      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       128941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.280671                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.069618                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.651652                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      125322     97.19%     97.19% |           0      0.00%     97.19% |           0      0.00%     97.19% |           0      0.00%     97.19% |           0      0.00%     97.19% |        3619      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       128941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1974                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.652482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.330266                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.631718                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1824     92.40%     92.40% |           0      0.00%     92.40% |         116      5.88%     98.28% |          33      1.67%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1974                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62001                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.588410                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.304477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.530664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61954     99.92%     99.92% |          39      0.06%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        62001                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58545                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.274148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.067947                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.632902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       56940     97.26%     97.26% |           0      0.00%     97.26% |           0      0.00%     97.26% |           0      0.00%     97.26% |           0      0.00%     97.26% |        1605      2.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        58545                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3456                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.792245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.664005                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.828395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3409     98.64%     98.64% |          39      1.13%     99.77% |           1      0.03%     99.80% |           2      0.06%     99.86% |           4      0.12%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3456                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62001                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62001    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        62001                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62001                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62001    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        62001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957149804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957149804    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    957149804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        76553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.983175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.928499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.114327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       75511     98.64%     98.64% |         429      0.56%     99.20% |         570      0.74%     99.94% |          40      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        76553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.115008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.028095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     1.064668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       75555     98.83%     98.83% |          16      0.02%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |         876      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.009340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.266106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76375     99.91%     99.91% |          33      0.04%     99.95% |          33      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.002459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.002332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.081320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76432     99.98%     99.98% |          15      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        76447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.826874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.325855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       36573     47.84%     47.84% |       31946     41.79%     89.63% |        4030      5.27%     94.90% |          33      0.04%     94.94% |          31      0.04%     94.98% |          21      0.03%     95.01% |        3813      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        76447                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       707588                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.987578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.967282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.352237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         879      0.12%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |      706709     99.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       707588                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   113.268027                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.501243                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.675985                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       35903     91.13%     91.13% |        2968      7.53%     98.66% |          66      0.17%     98.83% |          98      0.25%     99.08% |         293      0.74%     99.82% |          71      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.008021                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001644                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.327026                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       39374     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          14      0.04%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          11      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.012031                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.008451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.378971                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39367     99.92%     99.92% |          21      0.05%     99.97% |           6      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.006878                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.006480                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.144368                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39382     99.96%     99.96% |          17      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        39399                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    80.241097                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    74.460226                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    53.682678                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       25305     64.23%     64.23% |       13432     34.09%     98.32% |         101      0.26%     98.58% |          55      0.14%     98.72% |          29      0.07%     98.79% |          28      0.07%     98.86% |          57      0.14%     99.01% |          84      0.21%     99.22% |         152      0.39%     99.60% |         156      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        39399                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130791337                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130791337    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    130791337                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        42100                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.525226                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.508082                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.243298                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       41995     99.75%     99.75% |           2      0.00%     99.76% |          62      0.15%     99.90% |          38      0.09%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        42100                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       447773                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999643                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999058                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.059776                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          16      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      447757    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       447773                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18065                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.907335                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.981892                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.064514                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16103     89.14%     89.14% |        1708      9.45%     98.59% |          31      0.17%     98.77% |          59      0.33%     99.09% |         133      0.74%     99.83% |          31      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18065                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46081552                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46081552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     46081552                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16908                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.116276                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.971235                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.425360                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       16049     94.92%     94.92% |         380      2.25%     97.17% |         479      2.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16908                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        81437                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.899800                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.738853                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.995979                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         816      1.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |       80621     99.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        81437                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15099                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.536327                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.235088                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.574473                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       14276     94.55%     94.55% |         638      4.23%     98.77% |          23      0.15%     98.93% |          20      0.13%     99.06% |         109      0.72%     99.78% |          33      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15099                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780032699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780032699    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    780032699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12553                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.470485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.466467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.520249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12530     99.82%     99.82% |          23      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12553                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       173107                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      173107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       173107                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5797                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.773676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.001040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.238841                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5167     89.13%     89.13% |         550      9.49%     98.62% |          10      0.17%     98.79% |          17      0.29%     99.09% |          47      0.81%     99.90% |           6      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5797                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125322                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125322    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       125322                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.863487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.799851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.185702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1814     99.45%     99.45% |           5      0.27%     99.73% |           5      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3619                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3619    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3619                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          150                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.206667                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.426990                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.459889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         116     77.33%     77.33% |          33     22.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           1      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          150                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       56940    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        56940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.970328                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.876556                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.711773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3100     97.85%     97.85% |          42      1.33%     99.18% |          24      0.76%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.833333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.174565                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.771802                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         241     83.68%     83.68% |          39     13.54%     97.22% |           1      0.35%     97.57% |           2      0.69%     98.26% |           4      1.39%     99.65% |           1      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61954                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61954    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        61954                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           47                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          47    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           47                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       15386     50.54%     50.54% |       15060     49.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        30446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       30861     50.84%     50.84% |       29840     49.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        60701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |         755     50.27%     50.27% |         747     49.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total         1502                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       13997     50.89%     50.89% |       13509     49.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        27506                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       32198     50.66%     50.66% |       31364     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        63562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |         139     48.43%     48.43% |         148     51.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total          287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |           8     47.06%     47.06% |           9     52.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |         108     53.73%     53.73% |          93     46.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |         500     50.15%     50.15% |         497     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total          997                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       16477     49.95%     49.95% |       16508     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        32985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1646     50.12%     50.12% |        1638     49.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         3284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        4548     50.12%     50.12% |        4526     49.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         9074                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1138     50.13%     50.13% |        1132     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          20     21.28%     21.28% |          74     78.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        2951     53.28%     53.28% |        2588     46.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         5539                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        7566     50.68%     50.68% |        7362     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        14928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         147     48.36%     48.36% |         157     51.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total          304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        5591     49.73%     49.73% |        5652     50.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        11243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       13603     51.72%     51.72% |       12698     48.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        26301                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |         608     50.75%     50.75% |         590     49.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total         1198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          17     53.12%     53.12% |          15     46.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |         107     44.21%     44.21% |         135     55.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total          242                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        6779     49.99%     49.99% |        6781     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        13560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        9560     49.98%     49.98% |        9567     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        19127                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          46     67.65%     67.65% |          22     32.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          20     21.28%     21.28% |          74     78.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       13823     51.00%     51.00% |       13282     49.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        27105                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       32178     50.70%     50.70% |       31285     49.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        63463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          46     73.02%     73.02% |          17     26.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          20     21.28%     21.28% |          74     78.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          21     21.88%     21.88% |          75     78.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          20     21.28%     21.28% |          74     78.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |         107     44.21%     44.21% |         135     55.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total          242                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       16356     49.99%     49.99% |       16363     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        32719                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |         107     44.21%     44.21% |         135     55.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total          242                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        4480     50.00%     50.00% |        4480     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         8960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |          52     59.09%     59.09% |          36     40.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |         139     48.43%     48.43% |         148     51.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total          287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |           8     47.06%     47.06% |           9     52.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |         108     53.73%     53.73% |          93     46.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |         500     50.15%     50.15% |         497     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total          997                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |           8     47.06%     47.06% |           9     52.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |         518     50.44%     50.44% |         509     49.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total         1027                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      382711      0.56%      0.56% |    63011641     92.72%     93.28% |      716127      1.05%     94.33% |     3851606      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67962085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1857464      0.46%      0.46% |   375520208     93.16%     93.62% |     4027120      1.00%     94.62% |    21678386      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403083178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      290311      1.16%      1.16% |    21281003     85.35%     86.52% |      567248      2.28%     88.79% |     2794514     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24933076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          29      1.20%      1.20% |         170      7.06%      8.26% |        1155     47.97%     56.23% |        1054     43.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total         2408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       38609      7.64%      7.64% |      267038     52.82%     60.46% |       67476     13.35%     73.81% |      132406     26.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total       505529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9074      3.11%      3.11% |      238298     81.64%     84.75% |       17411      5.96%     90.71% |       27106      9.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       291889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       13960      9.88%      9.88% |       17530     12.41%     22.30% |       26351     18.66%     40.95% |       83395     59.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       141236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       23034      5.32%      5.32% |      255828     59.07%     64.38% |       43762     10.10%     74.49% |      110501     25.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       433125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       25852     25.83%     25.83% |       28688     28.66%     54.50% |       24066     24.05%     78.54% |       21476     21.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       100082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       47002     25.84%     25.84% |       49905     27.43%     53.27% |       40657     22.35%     75.62% |       44350     24.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       181914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          10     10.64%     10.64% |          18     19.15%     29.79% |           9      9.57%     39.36% |          57     60.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       36931     18.96%     18.96% |       32871     16.87%     35.83% |       57740     29.64%     65.46% |       67284     34.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       194826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        8575     42.11%     42.11% |        1136      5.58%     47.68% |        8259     40.55%     88.24% |        2395     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        20365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1428     25.84%     25.84% |         779     14.09%     39.93% |        2163     39.14%     79.07% |        1157     20.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        7322     26.86%     26.86% |        4562     16.73%     43.59% |        9901     36.32%     79.90% |        5479     20.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        27264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       11611     20.02%     20.02% |        9327     16.08%     36.11% |       16433     28.34%     64.44% |       20620     35.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        57991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          17      1.13%      1.13% |         145      9.65%     10.79% |         790     52.60%     63.38% |         550     36.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         1502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        7399     26.91%     26.91% |        4596     16.72%     43.62% |        9999     36.37%     79.99% |        5502     20.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        27496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       12994     20.44%     20.44% |       10101     15.89%     36.33% |       18541     29.17%     65.49% |       21936     34.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        63572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       10005     21.63%     21.63% |        8857     19.15%     40.77% |       14525     31.40%     72.17% |       12874     27.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        46261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3626     25.12%     25.12% |        1914     13.26%     38.38% |        5467     37.88%     76.26% |        3426     23.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        14433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        5781     22.15%     22.15% |        3264     12.51%     34.66% |        7080     27.13%     61.79% |        9973     38.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        26098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       22492     28.39%     28.39% |       22729     28.69%     57.08% |       19871     25.08%     82.16% |       14131     17.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        79223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       37434     31.11%     31.11% |       30862     25.65%     56.77% |       29813     24.78%     81.55% |       22203     18.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       120312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       64509      0.47%      0.47% |    13401967     97.16%     97.63% |      133887      0.97%     98.60% |      193304      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     13793667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1712222      0.71%      0.71% |   232348350     95.82%     96.53% |     3820656      1.58%     98.10% |     4599438      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    242480666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         849     25.83%     25.83% |         450     13.69%     39.52% |        1305     39.70%     79.22% |         683     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          12      1.32%      1.32% |          25      2.76%      4.08% |         365     40.29%     44.37% |         504     55.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total          906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       19937     16.68%     16.68% |       11425      9.56%     26.24% |       38476     32.20%     58.44% |       49668     41.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       119506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2161     12.83%     12.83% |        2782     16.52%     29.35% |        6462     38.37%     67.72% |        5436     32.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        16841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       12124     14.82%     14.82% |        5348      6.54%     21.36% |       24310     29.72%     51.08% |       40015     48.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        81797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         826     18.93%     18.93% |        1514     34.70%     53.63% |        1151     26.38%     80.01% |         872     19.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         4363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        2353     11.55%     11.55% |        4379     21.50%     33.06% |        5050     24.80%     57.85% |        8583     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        20365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        5733      0.44%      0.44% |     1271416     97.11%     97.54% |        4114      0.31%     97.86% |       28049      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      1309312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |       41159      1.07%      1.07% |     2796742     72.38%     73.45% |       64314      1.66%     75.11% |      961497     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3863712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          26     12.94%     12.94% |          24     11.94%     24.88% |          39     19.40%     44.28% |         112     55.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           7      2.30%      2.30% |          86     28.29%     30.59% |         112     36.84%     67.43% |          99     32.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total          304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        2293      7.31%      7.31% |       17333     55.29%     62.60% |        2550      8.13%     70.74% |        9173     29.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        31349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         829     10.19%     10.19% |        5235     64.34%     74.53% |         422      5.19%     79.72% |        1650     20.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         8136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        1056      4.77%      4.77% |       11956     54.04%     58.81% |        1541      6.96%     65.78% |        7572     34.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        22125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1414     26.92%     26.92% |         821     15.63%     42.55% |        1087     20.69%     63.24% |        1931     36.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         5253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        1808     12.11%     12.11% |        8672     58.09%     70.20% |        1203      8.06%     78.26% |        3245     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        14928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       50875      0.21%      0.21% |    23734289     98.59%     98.81% |       77091      0.32%     99.13% |      210335      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24072590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |       84300      0.05%      0.05% |   140354872     89.64%     89.69% |      108063      0.07%     89.76% |    16029597     10.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    156576832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2066     17.93%     17.93% |        1571     13.63%     31.56% |        4928     42.76%     74.32% |        2960     25.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        11525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     12.27%     12.27% |         103     46.82%     59.09% |          90     40.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        4773      1.91%      1.91% |      195223     78.20%     80.12% |        5374      2.15%     82.27% |       44265     17.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       249635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1073      0.54%      0.54% |      191383     96.82%     97.36% |        1967      1.00%     98.35% |        3254      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       197677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         780      2.09%      2.09% |         226      0.61%      2.70% |         500      1.34%      4.04% |       35808     95.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        37314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         253     11.42%     11.42% |         273     12.32%     23.74% |         965     43.55%     67.28% |         725     32.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        3047     24.89%     24.89% |        3118     25.47%     50.37% |        2028     16.57%     66.94% |        4047     33.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        12240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           5     13.89%     13.89% |           4     11.11%     25.00% |           3      8.33%     33.33% |          24     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      245883      0.86%      0.86% |    24391482     85.59%     86.45% |      473032      1.66%     88.11% |     3389025     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     28499422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      277325      1.12%      1.12% |    21240444     85.52%     86.63% |      548595      2.21%     88.84% |     2771023     11.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     24837387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          10      1.02%      1.02% |          32      3.27%      4.29% |         575     58.79%     63.09% |         361     36.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total          978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       11606     11.05%     11.05% |       43057     40.99%     52.04% |       21076     20.06%     72.11% |       29300     27.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total       105039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        5011      7.24%      7.24% |       38898     56.18%     63.42% |        8560     12.36%     75.78% |       16766     24.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        69235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         867      9.60%      9.60% |        3351     37.12%     46.73% |         992     10.99%     57.72% |        3817     42.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         9027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        2360     16.78%     16.78% |        2874     20.43%     37.21% |        2562     18.21%     55.42% |        6271     44.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        14067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           5      8.62%      8.62% |          14     24.14%     32.76% |           6     10.34%     43.10% |          33     56.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        2061     12.77%     12.77% |        2599     16.10%     28.88% |        6342     39.30%     68.17% |        5136     31.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        16138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       12124     14.82%     14.82% |        5348      6.54%     21.36% |       24310     29.72%     51.08% |       40015     48.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        81797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         100     14.22%     14.22% |         183     26.03%     40.26% |         120     17.07%     57.33% |         300     42.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         823     10.22%     10.22% |        5230     64.96%     75.18% |         418      5.19%     80.38% |        1580     19.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         8051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        1056      4.77%      4.77% |       11956     54.04%     58.81% |        1541      6.96%     65.78% |        7572     34.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        22125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           6      7.06%      7.06% |           5      5.88%     12.94% |           4      4.71%     17.65% |          70     82.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           85                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         639      0.33%      0.33% |      191189     97.90%     98.23% |        1278      0.65%     98.88% |        2183      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       195289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |         780      2.09%      2.09% |         226      0.61%      2.70% |         500      1.34%      4.04% |       35808     95.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        37314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         434     18.17%     18.17% |         194      8.12%     26.30% |         689     28.85%     55.15% |        1071     44.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        2102     10.06%     10.06% |        4528     21.67%     31.73% |        5217     24.97%     56.70% |        9047     43.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total        20894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        2909      6.02%      6.02% |       34370     71.10%     77.12% |        3343      6.92%     84.03% |        7719     15.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        48341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       11615     20.46%     20.46% |        6359     11.20%     31.66% |       12446     21.93%     53.59% |       26346     46.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        56766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         402     31.04%     31.04% |         111      8.57%     39.61% |         632     48.80%     88.42% |         150     11.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        5379     21.69%     21.69% |        3153     12.71%     34.40% |        6448     26.00%     60.40% |        9823     39.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        24803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1703     35.20%     35.20% |         627     12.96%     48.16% |        1395     28.83%     76.99% |        1113     23.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |         949     23.78%     23.78% |         633     15.86%     39.65% |        1425     35.71%     75.36% |         983     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         3990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          96     11.19%     11.19% |          87     10.14%     21.33% |         129     15.03%     36.36% |         546     63.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          32     11.19%     11.19% |          29     10.14%     21.33% |          43     15.03%     36.36% |         182     63.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         251      5.79%      5.79% |         791     18.25%     24.04% |        2327     53.68%     77.72% |         966     22.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         4335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1351     25.56%     25.56% |         744     14.08%     39.64% |        2057     38.92%     78.56% |        1133     21.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          33     26.61%     26.61% |          20     16.13%     42.74% |          33     26.61%     69.35% |          38     30.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          14     25.00%     25.00% |           4      7.14%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |          38     67.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        2213     21.70%     21.70% |        1512     14.82%     36.52% |        2754     27.00%     63.52% |        3721     36.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        10200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6218     18.77%     18.77% |        6170     18.62%     37.39% |        9985     30.14%     67.53% |       10759     32.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        33132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         800     26.79%     26.79% |         494     16.54%     43.34% |        1141     38.21%     81.55% |         551     18.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         2986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2291     29.06%     29.06% |        1260     15.98%     45.03% |        3003     38.08%     83.12% |        1331     16.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         7885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        5393     21.69%     21.69% |        3157     12.70%     34.39% |        6448     25.94%     60.33% |        9861     39.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        24859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       16396     16.69%     16.69% |       18527     18.86%     35.55% |       32872     33.46%     69.02% |       30435     30.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total        98230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        3847     41.97%     41.97% |         542      5.91%     47.88% |        3782     41.26%     89.14% |         995     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total         9166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          77     31.82%     31.82% |          35     14.46%     46.28% |         106     43.80%     90.08% |          24      9.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        7322     26.86%     26.86% |        4562     16.73%     43.59% |        9901     36.32%     79.90% |        5479     20.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        27264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        6232     18.78%     18.78% |        6174     18.60%     37.38% |        9985     30.09%     67.47% |       10797     32.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        33188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          48     14.46%     14.46% |          63     18.98%     33.43% |         189     56.93%     90.36% |          32      9.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        2197     34.89%     34.89% |         800     12.70%     47.59% |        2267     36.00%     83.60% |        1033     16.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           3     18.75%     25.00% |          12     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        2366     20.20%     20.20% |        3708     31.65%     51.85% |        2814     24.02%     75.88% |        2826     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        11714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4728     42.22%     42.22% |         594      5.30%     47.52% |        4477     39.98%     87.50% |        1400     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        11199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        7399     26.91%     26.91% |        4596     16.72%     43.62% |        9999     36.37%     79.99% |        5502     20.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        27496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           8     80.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           7      2.30%      2.30% |          86     28.29%     30.59% |         112     36.84%     67.43% |          99     32.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total          304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          10      0.83%      0.83% |          59      4.92%      5.76% |         678     56.59%     62.35% |         451     37.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total         1198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       14285     14.48%     14.48% |        8130      8.24%     22.72% |       30772     31.20%     53.92% |       45451     46.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        98638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1885      6.23%      6.23% |       17191     56.81%     63.04% |        1963      6.49%     69.53% |        9222     30.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        30261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1853      0.79%      0.79% |      191609     81.54%     82.33% |        2467      1.05%     83.38% |       39062     16.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       234991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        5011      7.24%      7.24% |       38898     56.18%     63.42% |        8560     12.36%     75.78% |       16766     24.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        69235                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
